Act 1
Caption: Orange County, California

Narrator: This is Michael Bluth.

Caption: Michael Bluth / Manager / The Bluth Company

Narrator: For ten years he’s worked for his father’s company waiting to be made a partner. And right now he’s happy. This is Michael’s mother.

Caption: Mrs. Lucille Bluth / Socialite

Lucille: Look what they’ve done, Michael!

Narrator: She isn’t happy.

Lucille: Look what the homosexuals have done to me!

Michael:You can’t just comb that out and reset it?

Narrator: Currently she’s upset that her husband’s retirement party is being upstaged by a group of gay protesters.

Protesters: (Chanting) We’re here, we’re queer! We want to get married on the ocean!

Lucille: Everything they do is so dramatic and flamboyant. It just makes me want to set myself on fire!

Lindsay:Good grief, Mother! Not all homosexuals are flamboy... Oh, my God, I have the exact same blouse.

Caption: Lindsay Bluth Fünke / Activist

Narrator: This is Michael’s twin sister, Lindsay.

Lucille: I like it better on him.

Narrator: As a youthful act of defiance, Lindsay married this man.

Picture of Tobias

Caption: (not on boat)

Narrator: They moved to Boston where they’ve become celebrated for their wine and cheese fund-raisers.

Flashback
Lindsay: Oh, no. I’m completely stuffed. Um, I forget their name but I know they're hungry. I think some of them are thirsty.

End Flashback
Narrator: Michael and his sister haven’t spoken in a year. Neither has acknowledged this.

Narrator And this is Michael’s oldest brother, poor G.O.B.

Michael: So, this is the magic trick, huh?

G.O.B.: “Illusion,” Michael. A “trick” is something a whore does for money...

G.O.B.: Or cocaine!

Caption: G.O.B. / George Oscar Bluth II / Magician (part-time)

Narrator: G.O.B. recently started the Alliance of Magicians, an organization that blackballs any performer who reveals a magician’s secret.

Picture of the Alliance of Magicians, Sign reads: "We Demand To Be Taken Seriously"

Narrator: And finally, there’s Buster, the youngest of Michael’s siblings.

Michael: Hey, Buster.

Michael: You know, you don’t need to do that, buddy. It’s okay.

Caption: Byron "Buster" Bluth / Graduate Student

Narrator: Thanks to the family’s largesse, Buster has studied everything from Native American tribal ceremonies...

Narrator: ...to cartography: the mapping of uncharted territories.

Buster: Actually I'm studying cartography now: the mapping of uncharted territories.

Michael: Sure. Hasn’t everything already sort of been discovered, though by, like, Magellan and Cortés? NASA, you know?

Buster: Oh, yeah, yeah.

Michael: ...all those people.

Buster: Those guys did a pretty good job.

Michael: Right.

Buster: But there’s still. You know...

Lucille: Never hurts to double-check.

Narrator: He also suffers from crippling panic attacks.

Narrator: Yes, this is his family. So, why is Michael so happy? Because he’s decided to never speak to these people again.

Act 2
Narrator: Michael was feeling more generous about his family on the morning of the boat party.

Caption: ...the morning of the boat party

Michael: What comes before anything? What have we always said is the most important thing?

George Michael: Breakfast.

Michael: Family.

George Michael:Family, right. I thought you meant of the things you eat.

Narrator: This is Michael’s son, George Michael.

Caption: George Michael Bluth / Frozen banana salesman/child

Michael: I mean, we’ve made nothing but sacrifices for this family, and tonight, it all pays off, my boy. Tonight, your granddad makes me partner.

Narrator: To prove his dedication to the family business, Michael has decided to live here...

Drawing of Sudden Valley, A Bluth Company Development

Narrator: ...in the model unit of his father’s latest housing tract. The guys live in the attic so that the house can still function as a pristine selling tool.

George Michael: So you thin he's gonna announce it on the boat?

Michael: Yeah, absolutely. It's his retirement party. Plus, he's been dropping a lot of hints.

George Michael: What kind of hints?

Michael: It's funny. It's not a "hint" hint, but he has been calling me "pardner."

George Michael: Yeah, that's... that's like partner.

Michael: Of course, he has been going through a little bit of a cowboy phase. No. I'll be my own boss. I'll finally be able to get you what you deserve. Like a real home.

George Michael: This is a real home.

Michael: No, it’s not. It’s a fake home, son. You want the loops or the flakes today?

George Michael: I'd rather live like this than like my aunt and uncles whose eyes have never stung from the sweet sweat of a hard day's work.

Michael: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Where are you gettin' all that?

George Michael: From you. You say it every couple of years when they come out to visit.

Michael: Well, maybe you're right. Maybe they are spoiled. But you know what, son? That is not our problem. That is their problem. We have a good thing going here, you see? You'll find that you have much more dignity and self-respect when you learn...

Door opens

Michael: that this house has got everything we're looking for.

George Michael: And more! Can we buy it, Dad? Can we buy the house?

Michael: We're gonna try, son. But we gotta hurry. These are gonna get all snapped up. Oh, good morning. I'll race you to the bank.

George Michael: All right.

Scene
Cut: Sign reads "Welcome to Balboa"

Narrator: The guys then headed down to Balboa Island. It was here, in 1953, that George Sr. started a business selling a novelty food item called the frozen banana.

Caption: 1953

Narrator: Like his father before him, Michael had gotten his son a job there to bolster the boy's self-esteem.

George Michael: Ten cents gets you nuts. Uncle G.O.B.? Uncle G.O.B.

G.O.B.: Give me a dollar. No, the twenty. This is gonna blow your mind. Some say wealth is an illusion. Well, let's just see. For one moment it's here, and in the next...

G.O.B.: Monopoly.

G.O.B.:You don't have it, do you?

George Michael: Yeah, I think I might.

G.O.B.: That's good, 'cause a lot of the pieces are missing. Oh, to play Monopoly with my family again. I'd give anything to be eight.

George Michael: I'm 13.

G.O.B.: No, I wasn't crazy about 13. The acne, self-consciousness, the erections. You okay?

George Michael: Yeah, I'm okay.

G.O.B.: Hey, there's the man I came to see.

George Michael: Uh, Uncle G.O.B., where's the twenty?

G.O.B.: Hey, a magician never reveals his secret. That's what I started the whole alliance about.

George Michael: I don't need the secret. I just need the twenty.

G.O.B.: What you need to know... is that it's magic.

George Michael: Wow... It's so much like stealing.

Scene
Narrator: Michael, meanwhile, was meeting his brother G.O.B., hoping to discuss his father’s boat party.

Michael: It's sort of a "pass the torch" kind of, situation, so if you've got a wireless mic...

Boat Captain: Got it.

Michael: Or a torch. Now that I think about it. It's just a joke.

Michael: Hey.

G.O.B.: Michael.

Michael: G.O.B.

Michael: I'm sorry. Uh, Captain, this is my brother, G.O.B.

Boat Captain: How are you?

G.O.B.: Incredible! I'm having an incredible year. Right on top.

Michael: We'll finish inside. Look at you. Are you doing good?

G.O.B.: Please, look.

Michael: Right. Great.

Michael: You got your check for your share of the party?

G.O.B.: You know, I sort of thought my contribution could be a magic show.

Michael: A magic show?! Oh, that's perfect, G.O.B.

G.O.B.: Thank you.

Michael: Or, wait a minute. I just remembered something. Dad’s retiring, not turning six.

G.O.B.: Hey, come on, I just bought this new illusion called The Aztec Tomb. It cost, like, eighteen grand.

Michael: Come on, G.O.B. I don’t care.

G.O.B.: I’m gonna do it on the boat. Look, what do you care? Can’t you just charge the party to the company?

Michael: No, it’s not a business expense.

G.O.B.: So what? Lindsay’s been staying at the Four Seas for, like, a month. She’s probably charging the company.

Michael: Lindsay’s been in town for a month?

G.O.B.: I don’t think so.

Narrator: Michael was upset to hear this, so he went to discuss it with his mother.

Scene
Michael: Mom? Mother? Give me your company checkbook. You’re cut off.

Lucille: Michael, look. Look what happened to my fox. Someone cut off his little foot. Is it... is it noticeable?

Michael: Well... you’ve got to remember, you’re going to be all splattered in red paint. That’s gonna distract the eye. I don’t want you charging any more of your personal expenses to the company.

Lucille: Well, I had to pay for The Aztec Tomb. G.O.B. says it’s a career-maker.

Michael: Wait a minute—the company paid for The Aztec Tomb? That’s great. Well, I was talking about Lindsay, okay? You put her in a five-star hotel, on top of which, you didn’t even tell me that she was in town.

Lucille: If you’re saying I play favorites, you’re wrong. I love all my children equally.

Cutaway: earlier that day...
Lucille: I don’t care for G.O.B.

Buster: (gulp)

Cutback
Lucille: Good grief, I dipped into the kitty a couple of times. You should be focused on tonight. Dad’s making a big announcement.

Michael: Yeah? I knew it. It’s about me, isn’t it?

Lucille: (winks)

Michael: I wonder how I can talk you out of ever making that face again

Tobias: Michael!

Michael: Tobias.

Tobias: How are you?

Michael: Uh-huh. (Chuckling) Good, good. How’s your, uh, job search coming?

Tobias: It’s good.

Michael: Yeah?

Tobias: It’s going to be good. It’s going to be good.

Tobias: I’m hoping the universe provides a path for me.

Narrator: Tobias recently lost his medical license for administering C.P.R. to a person who, as it turned out, was not having a heart attack.

Newspaper headline, “Sleeping Tourist has Sternum Broken / East Coast Man Hospitalized by Accidental ‘Rescue’”

Michael: Maybe you’ll be inspired by the boat party tonight and start a career as a pirate.

Tobias: I haven’t packed for that.

Lindsay: Couldn’t find a thing.

Michael: Lindsay.

Lindsay: Michael!

Michael: How was your flight?

Lindsay: Great! Great! We just got in.

Lucille: He knows.

Lindsay: A month ago. Oh, I’m sorry, I’ve been meaning to call you, I really have.

Michael: Really?

Lindsay: It’s just... I've been... Well, I need to decompress. I've been very busy.

Tobias: It’s been crazy.

Lindsay: We just had an amazing fund-raiser for H.O.O.P.

Michael: H.O.O.P.?

Lindsay: My anti-circumcision movement.

Flashback Fundraiser. Sign reads “H.O.O.P. - Hands Off Our Penises”
Lindsay: I think it looks frightening when it’s cut off. It’s a Doberman. Let it have its ears.

End Flashback
Michael: Hmmm.

Lindsay: Believe it or not, we brought in over $40,000.

Michael: Unbelievable. Sounds like you saved enough skin to make ten new boys.

Tobias: Well, most of that money was from...

Lindsay (clears throat)

Tobias: ...the Bluth Company. I mean, how... are you?

Michael: Still good. You know what? You guys have had your hands in the company coffer for years, but starting tomorrow, there is going to be a new boss in town,

Dramatic Drums

Michael: and you’re all going to have to start fending for yourselves.

Dramatic Drums intensified

Michael: You’re all going to finally feel that sweet sting of sweat in your eyes as...

Michael: Buster, you can’t do that on the balcony, buddy?

Buster: (stops playing the drum)

Buster: Mom says it’s too windy.

Lucille: Who could’ve done this?

Scene
Narrator: While Michael was getting fed up with his family, George Michael was finally getting to know them.

Maeby: Um, yeah, I bought a frozen banana, and when I bit into it, I found this.

George Michael: It looks like a foot.

Maeby: It tasted like a foot. Which I didn’t really mind, but I’m pretty sure I said “no nuts.”

George Michael: Hey, you’re my cousin, aren’t you?

Maeby: Maeby.

Narrator: This is George Michael’s cousin Maeby.

Caption: Mae "Maeby" Fünke / Cousin"

Narrator: Maeby had always found unique ways to rebel.

Cutaway: Fünkes Home
Lindsay: Maeby, this is a cute tattoo for you.

Maeby Mom, I want to enter beauty pageants.

Cut back
Maeby: I can’t believe you didn’t recognize me.

George Michael: We never see you. We never see anybody in our family.

Maeby: I know, it’s our parents’ faults. We should teach them a lesson.

George Michael: (Laughing) Yeah... yeah... No, I-I don’t think so.

Maeby: I should go to my mom tonight and be, like, “I met the cutest guy,” and then she’ll see you and me totally making out.

George Michael: (Laughing) Yeah. (Continues laughing) But not really, right?

Maeby: It’s perfect! She’d freak out, and I’d be, like, “Mom, if we saw each other more often, this wouldn’t happen.”

George Michael: But we’re cousins.

Maeby: That’s what makes it funny.

George Michael: But isn’t it against the law?

Maeby: I don't think so.

George Michael: I know for certain that the yacht club would have a problem with it.

Maeby: Come on, George Michael.

Scene
Narrator: Tobias, now believing the boat party to be pirate-themed...

Tobias: Well, you look like a pirate!

Narrator: ...began searching through his wife’s luggage for an outfit.

Tobias: I should say so. Look at the blouse, sir.

Narrator:Then, mistaking a group of garishly dressed men for pirates, Tobias boarded a van full of homosexuals. Soon, he was unwittingly part of a protest against the local yacht club.

Tobias: How are you?

Lindsay: Oh, my God, I have the exact same blouse.

Lucille: I like it better on him.

Maeby: I don't understand why you work every weekend. Aren't you, like, my age?

George Michael: Well, it's important to be responsible. I think there aren't enough young people out there today who have a real work ethic.

Maeby: What do you mean?

George Michael: I don't know.

Narrator: And George Sr. finally made his retirement speech.

George, Sr.: I guess it's time for me to, uh, mosey on. And although I won't be saddling up and going in every day...

George, Sr.: there's someone else who's going to.

George, Sr.: I give you the new C.E.O. of the Bluth Company...

George, Sr.: certainly the smartest Bluth...

George, Sr.: my favorite Bluth...

George, Sr.: and the, uh... sexiest creature I have ever laid eyes on...

George, Sr.: my lovely wife Lucille.

Lucille (glees)

Lindsay: Mom! Mom, congratulations!

Music: / Love will keep us together /

George, Sr.: Sorry, it’s not the right time.

Music: / Some sweet-talking girl comes along, singing /

Lindsay: I’m not going to lie to you, Michael; this is great news for H.O.O.P.

Act 3
Michael: Hey.

George Michael: You okay?

Michael: Yeah. You know what? I'm great. You and I, we’ve waited long enough. Time to move on. It's time to move on. Okay? I want you to say your good-byes. It's the start of a whole new life for us. All right?

Scene
George Michael: I guess we’re going to see you guys even less now.

Maeby: I told you we should have taught them a lesson.

Maeby: (kisses Georg Michael)

George, Sr.: I want a picture of the new C.E.O. with all her kids. Lindsay, I want you in this picture.

George, Sr.: Let’s see some smiles, people. It’s a party, not a shareholders’ meeting.

Rim shot

Siren wailing

G.O.B.: Are those police boats?

Rim shot

G.O.B.: No, I’m serious. I think they are police boats.

Police On Bullhorn: Prepare to be boarded. Prepare to be boarded.

George Michael: I knew it was against the law.

George, Sr.: That’s the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Buster: They have boats?

George, Sr.: Give me a cell phone.

Lucille: Lindsay, Buster, up to the bridge! Come on, Buster. Mighty good grief!

George, Sr.: Delores, listen to me.

Lucille: Out of my way!

George, Sr.: Empty the accounts.

Lucille: Out of my way, Celeste!

George, Sr.: Why are you crying? Why are you crying?

Lucille: Out of my way. Out, out, out. Lindsay, take the wheel. Buster, find us a channel to the ocean.

Buster: Gee, I don’t really have any of my mapping equipment with me.

Lindsay: You’ve had $80,000 worth of cartography lessons. Get us a channel to the ocean.

Buster: Okay, okay, okay.

George, Sr.: Can you hear me now?

Buster: Okay. Obviously this blue part here is the land... and that would mean...

Lindsay: Oh, Buster, Buster, it’s all right.

George, Sr.: Shredder. No, save it. Save it. Shredder.

Lucille: Please, don’t leave us now, Buster, please!

G.O.B.: Get in the tomb.

George, Sr.: Save it.

G.O.B.: The Aztec Tomb.

George, Sr.: Hold on. I don’t have time for your magic tricks.

G.O.B.:Illusions, Dad. You don’t have time for my illusions.

George, Sr.: What is wrong with you? (Muffled) Why are you so angry?

G.O.B.: Look, just stay in the box. I’ll make you disappear.

Scene
Narrator: The Bluth family dominated the news that night.

John Beard: Southern California is the home of the high-speed freeway chase but tonight's flee from justice was on the sea and slow as molasses. Bluth Development Company president George Bluth was arrested tonight for defrauding investors, and using the company as his personal piggy bank. More intrigue on the high seas tonight, as dozens of local pirates were arrested for protesting the Yacht Club’s discriminatory policies.

Narrator: Even Michael’s brother G.O.B. made the news.

Trisha Thoon: It was Mr. Bluth’s son “Gawb,” a part-time magician, who hid his father here, in The Aztec Tomb. By pushing on this pivoting panel Mr. Bluth was able to hide in this airless chamber

G.O.B.: I have to think the Alliance is going to frown on this.

Trisha Thoon: Perhaps a good trick for a human, but the dogs found him almost instantly.

Man in Police station: Free at last, y’all.

Tobias: I’m all right, gang. I’m all right.

Lindsay: Thank God.

Tobias: Oh, what an adventure. Oh, my goodness. Buster... don’t do that. What an adventure, gang. I thought that the homosexuals were pirates. But it turns out that most of them were actors in the local theater. You’re right though, it is amazing. I’ve been waiting for the universe to provide a path for me and... and I think it has.

Lindsay: You’re gay.

Tobias:No. No. No, I’m not... I’m not gay. No. Lindsay, how many times must we have this... No. I want to be an actor.

Michael: Okay, guys, um... they are going to keep Dad in prison at least until this gets all sorted out. Also, the attorney said that they’re going to have to put a halt on the company’s expense account.

All: shocked

Michael: Interesting. I would’ve expected that after “They’re keeping Dad in jail.” The first thing I need you guys to do is to cut up your company credit cards.

Buster: What about the miles?

Lindsay: You know, Michael, Dad did name Mom as his successor.

Lucille: And I’m putting Buster in charge.

G.O.B.: He’s a good choice.

Michael: Buster? The guy who thought that the blue on the map was land?

Lucille: He’s had business classes.

Buster:Wa-Wa-Wa-Wait. 18th-century agrarian business, but I guess it’s all the same principles. Let me ask you, are you at all concerned about an uprising?

Michael: You wanna know what? That’s it. I’m done. I’m sick and tired of the greed and the selfishness and all the taking. Forget it. I’ve got a son to think about. And you know, Lindsay, by the way, I expected this from them because they’re completely oblivious, but you... you should know better.

G.O.B.: Think he's really mad at you.

Tobias Somebody is a rude Gus. That's all.

Scene
Narrator: In the days that followed, the Bluths' assets were officially frozen.

Lindsay: There's no more room in the suitcase.

Tobias: Glasses. Where are my glasses?

Lindsay: On your face

Narrator: Lindsay had no choice but to check her family out of the hotel earlier than planned.

Tobias: What are we doing with this? What is happening with this?

Narrator: And her husband started looking for work.

Cut: Stage

Tobias: My name is Dr. Tobias Fünke. I was chief resident of psychiatry at Mass General for two years, and I did my fellowship in psycholinguistics at MIT.

Tobias: And this is “I’m A Bad Bad Man” from Annie Get Your Gun.

Lively, off-key piano intro.

Tobias: (Hesitating) I... I... I... I’m...

Cut: Press on street interviews Lucille

Narrator: Lucille was finding it difficult to go about her daily life.

Lucille: The SEC is making him out to be some kind of mastermind, which believe me, he’s not. The man could barely work our shredder.

Cut: Sitwell Housing Inc.

Narrator: Michael was able to secure a job with a rival housing company almost immediately.

Enrique: Plus, there are perks. We'll set you up in Arizona in one of our finest estates.

Michael: Attic or main house?

Cut: Board Meeting

Narrator: And Buster was discovering his academic pursuits didn’t fully prepare him for his new responsibilities.

Executive: Have you looked at the latest figures on the Sudden Valley expansion, vis-a-vis the development versus the tax that it...

Buster: Amazing. You guys are so smart.

Executive: ...two percent per annum, but this is a non-recoupable...

Cut: one hour later...

Lucille: We need Michael.

G.O.B.: We need ice.

Buster: Michael... We need Michael.

Tobias: Perhaps... an intervention.

Cut: Livingroom

G.O.B.: So what we'd like to do here is just go around the room... and have everyone talk a little about Michael. Things we don't like about him or how he annoys us... or maybe just something he does that rubs us the wrong way.

Lucille: Jump right in.

Tobias: There's no right or wrong answer.

Lucille: I think that's a great idea.

Michael: Wait. Hold on one second. What exactly is this intervention for?

Lucille: We need you to come back and run the business.

Michael: Oh, okay. Well, then, so, technically it’s not really an intervention. It’s a little bit more of an imposition, if you think about it.

Lindsay: Oh, whatever you want to call it.

Michael:I’d love to call it an imposition.

G.O.B.: We’re in trouble here, Michael. And I can’t perform my magic. I’m getting blackballed from even the smaller venues.

Flashback: Child Birthday
Birthday Party Man: Well, it's come down to the two of you. I'll be honest. I’m just more comfortable with an Alliance-approved magician.

G.O.B.: Aw. Give ’em a hell of a show, champ.

Teen Magician: Fuck off, traitor.

End Flashback
Michael: I thought Buster had everything under control. I thought you'd been going to the office.

Buster: Yes, and I've enjoyed that. It was just I was constantly being called to the phone or I was asked a question or I was resuscitated. It was really hard to get a good work flow going.

Maeby: Can you believe this? They're still fighting.

George Michael: Yeah, I know. I'm tempted to kiss again so we could teach 'em a lesson.

Maeby: Why would that teach them a lesson?

George Michael: No, I mean, uh, to freak them out.

Maeby: That doesn't make any sense.

George Michael: Isn't that what makes it funny? I'm laughing. Go fish' u know Okay. I just need a drink.

Michael: Well, I’m sorry. It’s just too late. I’m moving to Phoenix. I got a job. Something you apply for, and then they pay you to, uh... never mind. I don’t want to ruin the surprise.

Michael: So no hard feelings? Adios, Sayonara. I’ll see you when the first parent dies.

Lucille: Well, I’d rather be dead in California than alive in Arizona.

Tobias: Touché. Touché.

G.O.B.: Too good.

Michael: George Michael, grab the coat.

Lindsay: I think Dad would really want you to help us out here, Michael.

Michael: Dad’s in jail.

Tobias: It's just terrible, terrible ...

Michael: Nice try, Tobias. Here we go.

Lindsay: Well, the least you could do is say good-bye to him.

Cut to Prison

Narrator: In fact, Michael had not spoken to his father since the arrest, and he decided to give his father the courtesy of a formal resignation.

Michael: I quit.

George, Sr.: Probably a good career move.

Michael: You know, I parked in the same spot for the last five years. I was there on time every single day.

George, Sr.: Mike...

Michael: I was so loyal, I worked so hard. Why didn’t you just put me in charge?

George, Sr.: Michael, listen to me. These guys, the SEC, they’ve been after me for years. I put you in charge, you’re going to be wearing one of these orange jumpsuits, too.

Michael: I could’ve helped you if you’d told me.

George, Sr.: You’d be an accomplice. No, it had to be your mom. They cannot arrest a husband and wife for the same crime.

Michael: Yeah? I don’t think that that’s true, Dad.

George, Sr.: Really? I’ve got the worst fucking attorneys!

Michael: What are you saying? That you did this for me?

George, Sr.: What have we always said comes before anything else?

George, Sr.: It's family first.

George, Sr.: You do right by your son. "Pardner."

Guard: Bluth, time!

Michael: You might want to dial down that cowboy act while you're in here.

George, Sr.: Don't think that didn't cross my mind.

Cut to model home

Narrator: With Michael leaving town, Lindsay decided to take inventory of the family’s last remaining asset: their model home.

Lindsay: What are you doing?

George Michael: I’m packing up. What are you doing?

Lindsay: Well, just looking for... you. To say good-bye to you.

George Michael: Going to miss you guys.

Lindsay: Oh, well, we’ll come out and see you in... Yeah, we’ll miss you, too.

George Michael: It’s been nice having you guys around. You know, to talk to. Since Mom died, it’s been kind of lonely. I just wish we could all stay here.

Michael: I... I need a hand with the van, please.

George Michael: Okay. (hugs Lindsay very long)

Cutaway: Later

Michael: Sorry. Well, I guess he really misses his family.

Lindsay: Well, he doesn’t know us very well.

Michael: Yeah, clearly. Let me ask you a question. Where the hell have you been? Why didn’t you call me?

Lindsay: Look at my life, Michael. Tobias is out of work, we’re in debt. It’s...

Lindsay (tries to cry)

Michael: What are you doing? Are you trying to cry?

Lindsay: I’m sad. Life is hard right now. I’ve got the J.D.L. on my ass.

Michael: J.D.L.?

Lindsay: Jewish Defense League.

Michael: Oh, the circumcision thing? This is why I was against H.O.O.P. Why don’t you just mind your own business, Lindsay?

Lindsay: See? This is why I didn’t call you, Michael, because you’re so judgmental.

Michael: No, I’m not judgmental.

Lindsay: And you’re disappointed in me.

Michael: I’m not disappointed in you.

Lindsay: You are.

Michael: So I’m disappointed in you, but, come on, what is not disappointing about my life? Dad didn’t give me the promotion. Dad’s in jail. How disappointing is that?

Lindsay: So we’re a disappointing family.

Michael: We’re an incredibly disappointing family. But we are a family... and I want my son to be happy, so... maybe we should be in each other’s lives.

Lindsay: I’d like that.

Michael: Yeah?

Lindsay (tries to cry)

Michael: Seriously, you’re going to pull a muscle.

Lindsay: I used to be able to do this.

Narrator: So Michael decided to stay in California and try to save the family business. And for the first time ever, he gathered his family together in the model home.

Cut to model home

G.O.B.: Dad was always banker, so there was no beating him.

Lindsay: Totally.

George Michael: He should’ve been stocking up on those “Get Out of Jail Free” cards.

G.O.B.: Good one, George Michael!

Buster: Yes!

Michael: Very good.

Tobias: How are you?

George Michael: Wish you guys didn’t have to go so soon.

Michael: Oh, on that subject: these guys are actually going to be staying with us. For a while. Just your aunt. And her husband. Not G.O.B.

George Michael: Really?

Michael: Yeah. What the hell, huh? Family first, right? It is going to be a little crowded though, so I think you’re going to have to share a room with your cousin.

Music: What you tryin’ to say to me?

Act 4
Narrator: On the next Arrested Development. George Michael gets a new roommate.

Cut to George Michaels room

Maeby: (Singing in shower) I did know what I do-o-o-n-e. I’m not that innocent.

Narrator: Many find work for the first time.

Cut to jewelery

Sales woman: This is the most expensive watch we have so only let the customers who are truly serious try it on.

Lindsay: It is a fun watch. I'll take it.

Cut to Sitwell Housing Inc.

Enrique: It was really your brother we were interested in. I mean, you don’t even have any references.

G.O.B.: Is that enough of a reference for you?

Enrique: Even a letter of recommendation, something like that.

Cut to jail

Narrator: And Michael finds it difficult to get his father out of jail.

Michael: You love it here?

George, Sr.: Oh, I’m having the time of my life. Hey, T-Bone.

Act 1
John Beard: Another setback for the once prominent Bluth family as their frozen banana stand, a Newport Beach landmark, burns to the ground. A delicious whodunit... after this.

Narrator: A week before the fire, Michael Bluth was trying to save the Bluth Company, but his father was making it difficult.

Michael: I need the flight records, Dad. I’m trying to find some money for the family.

George: There’s always money in the banana stand.


George: I am having a love affair with this ice cream sandwich.

George: You want some? Take a bite.

Michael: Please, please... The SEC has locked up our funds. These guys aren’t messing around.

Guard: No touching!

Michael: So, I need you to tell me. Were you taking vacations in the jet? Is that what you’re hiding from me?

George: I haven’t had a vacation in years. This is my vacation. I’m exercising, I’m sleeping well.

Michael: You’re doing time.

George: I’m doing the time of my life.

T-Bone: What’s up, pumpkin?

George: Hey! T-Bone. T-Bone’s my roommate.

George: (Sotto voce.) He’s a flamer.

George: T’s checking out today.

T-Bone: Yeah.

Michael: Well, guess every vacation’s got to come to an end.

George: Just made a fool of yourself in front of T-Bone.

George: Anyway, I want you to give him a job at the company. Sales.

Michael: I’m not going to do that.

George: Why not?

Michael: Well, because...

George: Because he’s a flamer? Because I told you that in confidence.

Michael: You don’t seem to understand that I’m running this company now, Dad, and I need the flight records, and I’m going to get them with or without your help.

Guard: No touching!

George: I got something we can try, all right? It’s a little risky.

Michael: Please.

George: Open up.

Michael: What do you mean about...?

Scene
Narrator: While George Sr. was losing a roommate, George Michael was having a hard time adjusting to his new one.

Maeby: Get up! Get up! Get up! Get up!

George Michael: I’m up!

Tobias: Okay, we are just about ass-to-ankles back here, Maeby. Do you want to hop on your cousin’s lap there, please?

Michael: Whoa, bumpy road ahead.

Maeby: (Singing in shower.) Got nothing on the love now...

Narrator: So, he addressed his problem head-on.

George Michael: Dad, I want to work more hours at the banana stand.

Michael: Wow. Well, that’s great. You know, I used to be just like you when I was a kid. I used to love it there.

Flashback
George: It’s going to be our best summer ever, Mikey!

End Flashback
Michael: Well, I’ll tell you what. I’m going to give you a promotion. Welcome aboard, Mr. Manager.

George Michael: Wow. I’m Mr. Manager.

Michael: Well, manager; we just say manager.

Michael: And you can hire an employee if you need one.

George Michael: Do you think I need one?

Michael: Don’t look at me, Mr. Manager.

George Michael: Right, it’s up to me now. I’m Mr. Manager.

Michael: Manager. We-we just say, uh...

George Michael: I know, but you...

Michael: Doesn’t matter who.

Bag labeled, “Dead dove. Do not eat.”

Michael: I don’t know what I expected.

Michael: What’s going on? This is exactly where the two of you were when I left this morning. Is nobody going to even try to get a job?

Lindsay: I have a job, Michael. It’s called supporting my husband.

Michael: You certainly haven’t been shopping. The only thing I found in the freezer was a dead dove in a bag.

G.O.B.: You didn’t eat that, did you? ‘Cause I’ve only got a couple days left to return it. It died right in the middle of a show.

Flashback
Clerk: Do you want a cage for that?

G.O.B.: No, I’m a magician.

Dove cooing. Thud, bell rings, then cooing stops.

G.O.B.: What is your return policy, by the way?

End Flashback
Lindsay: Not that I have to defend myself, but for your information, I did go shopping.

Michael: You spent $68 on hair conditioner?

Lindsay: Small price to pay for self-esteem, Michael. Or are you still jealous that you lost “best hair” to me in high school and got “dorkiest”?

Cutaway
Yearbook: Lindsay’s yearbook picture shows she won for “Best hair.” Michael’s yearbook picture shows he won for “Most likely to succeed.”

Narrator: Lindsay’s achievements in high school had always overshadowed Michael’s.

End Cutaway
Tobias: I agree with Michael; it’s important not to tie your self-esteem to how you look or what people think of you. I mean, look at me— I’m an actor. An actor, for crying out loud. You know how much rejection I face every day? But in this business of show, you have to have the heart of an angel and the hide... of an elephant.

Lindsay: But, you’ve never actually had an audition.

Tobias: Well... excuse me! Excuse me.

Michael: Some really great spousal support.

Michael: You know something, Lindsay, you might want to start thinking about the example you’re setting for your daughter, unless you want her to end up just like you.

Maeby: Yeah, shoot me when that happens.

Michael: Is there a carbon monoxide leak in this house?

Michael: George Michael, you’re taking your cousin to work today. That’s your new employee. I do not want my niece to end up just like everyone in this family.

Lindsay: You’re not telling my daughter what to do. She’s a child.

Maeby: No, I’m not. I can work.

George Michael: Uh, I-I don’t know about this. You know, it can get pretty hairy in there.

Lindsay: Fine. Do what you want. If I know my daughter, that stand won’t be there in a week.

Michael: You stay on top of her, buddy. Do not be afraid to ride her. Hard.

Act 2
Narrator: George Michael’s attempt to distance himself from his cousin proved... unsuccessful.

George Michael: I can’t tell you how many health codes you’re violating right now.

Maeby: I can’t believe I volunteered for this. This is my stupidest rebellion ever. Hey, you want to go play skee-ball?

George Michael: Well, this is the cash drawer. My dad’s going to come by at the end of the weekend, and the number of bananas has to match the amount of money in here.

Maeby: Oh, so it all has to even out?

George Michael: Exactly.

Maeby: Easy. Banana... Buck. Banana... Take a buck.

Scene
Narrator: And Michael went to his mother for the flight records his father wouldn’t give him.

Lucille: Then why don’t you marry an ice cream sandwich? I’ve got to go.

Michael: Who was that? Was that Dad?

Lucille: That was G.O.B.

Michael: Uh-huh.

Michael: So, Mom, I’m trying to find...

Lucille: I don’t know where they are.

Michael: ...these flight records. You know, it’s really more believable if you let me finish.

Michael: Why am I the only one that seems to get how much trouble this family is in?

Lucille: Oh, I get it, Michael, I get it. But how should I know where the records are kept? Your father’s in charge of all that.

Michael: No, I’m in charge of all of that, and I think that you do know where they are.

Lucille: Oh, it’s probably all in a storage unit somewhere.

Michael: Where’s the storage unit?

Lucille: I don’t remember.

Michael: Try.

Lucille: Something-dale. I don’t know— Brookfeather, Raintree. It’s hot. It was very hot there. I’ve never been... get a warrant.

Michael: Don’t think I won’t. Mother, Mother, I care about this family.

Lucille: And I do too, my darling. That’s why I’m worried about G.O.B...

Lucille: I was on the phone with him this morning.

Michael: You mean just now, right? When I came in?

Lucille: Yes, just now, when you came in.

Lucille: And he’s upset, he’s very upset. You haven’t included him in the business at all. He’s your older brother. You could find a little job for him.

Lucille: Make him feel special.

Michael: But he’s not special, Mother.

Lucille: No. But he loves you. We all love you.

Michael: Where’s the storage unit?

Lucille: It’s with your warrant.

Luz: (Laughing)

Lucille: Luz, that coat cost more than your house! Oh, that’s how we joke. She doesn’t even have a house.

Scene
Narrator: The next day, Tobias looked for work.

Tobias: Hmm— Actor Pull. Oh, look at all these parts!

Michael: Tobias. Nice to see you off the couch.

Tobias: I was looking for work, and... I blew it, Michael.

Rueful chuckle.

Michael: Yeah, I guess you’ve already seen that.

Tobias: Yes, I have, but... Oh, right, this one. Yeah, I... I’ll call them again, I guess. I give them... one more shot.

Narrator: And that’s when Michael figured out how to get his mother to lead him to the storage unit where the flight records were kept.

Phone ringing.

Lucille: Hello?

Michael: Yeah, hey, Mom, it’s Michael. Listen, before I forget, I talked to the IRS, and they want to come by your apartment today to see if you charged any big ticket stuff to the company. Furs, or... I don’t know. Just a heads up. Oh, that poor woman.

Scene
Narrator: So, Michael followed Luz who had been sent to hide the evidence. Meanwhile, Tobias had arranged an audition for a local commercial. Lindsay came along to appear supportive.

Tobias: This could take awhile.

Lindsay: Honey, it’s one line.

Tobias: Not if I do my job right.

Tobias: First of all, I love it. Quick question, though. Am I panicked about the fire, or am I being brave for everyone else?

Roger Danish: The fire? It’s, it’s a fire sale.

Tobias: (Chuckling.) Oh... Okay. I didn’t, um... Well, let’s give it a shot.

Deep breath.

Tobias: Oh, my God, we’re having a fire. Sale. Oh, the burning! It burns me! Evacuate all the schoolchildren! (Screaming. Singing “Amazing Grace.”) This isn’t a fever! (Continues singing.) Can’t even see where the knob is! (Dramatic sigh.) And scene.

Roger Danish: Um... would you like to try that a little simpler... maybe?

Tobias: No.

Roger Danish: Okay, anybody else? Anyone? Lindsay Bluth?

Tobias: It’s Fünke.

Lindsay: Roger Danish.

Roger Danish: Look at you. I can’t believe it’s Lindsay Bluth.

Lindsay: Oh...!

Tobias: Fünke.

Lindsay: Roger was my male counterpart in high school. Remember how crazy our hair was back then?

Laughing.

Roger Danish: What were we thinking?

Lindsay: So, what are you doing now?

Tobias: He’s, uh, casting my commercial.

Roger Danish: Yeah, trying to. The South Coast Boutique is having a fire sale.

Lindsay: South Coast Boutique? They’re having a fire sale?!

Scene
Narrator: Meanwhile, Michael was still following his mother’s housekeeper. And she did finally lead him to the storage unit. Unfortunately, it was on fire.

Fireman: Somebody wanted this place to go.

Michael: Yeah? What do you mean, arson?

Fireman: Oh, definitely the work of a flamer.

Act 3
Lindsay: It shoots tomorrow, and are you ready for this? It pays 1,000 bucks!

Michael: I thought that was Tobias’ part.

Tobias: Yeah, no, no, I did not book this one. I, uh... think I made the fire too real, uh, for them, and, uh, and probably failed to highlight the sale, so, good for her, and, uh... will you excuse me, please?

Laughing/crying.

Michael: Well, listen, that’s great, Lindsay. But, I’ve got my own problems. The flight records, they’ve burned up, okay? That’s fine. That’s over with. But I think Dad is behind it. I think Dad is trying to run the business from prison.

Lindsay: Well, isn’t that ironic? I’m making a fortune at my new job, and you don’t even have the job you thought you did.

Michael: But, but you don’t have a job. You’ve got a job offer. Anybody can get a job offer.

Tobias crying in shower.

Michael: So, I’m going to go see Dad, because this is my business to run now.

G.O.B.: Your business?

Michael: Hey, there you are, G.O.B.! I have been looking all over for you. I could really use some help.

G.O.B.: Well, I was going to return this dove. What? You want me to run a meeting for you or something?

Michael: Or, even better, could you mail this letter for me?

G.O.B.: You can’t just give that to a mailman?

Michael: I can’t trust a mailman with this. This is important.

Narrator: G.O.B. was intrigued. He also suspected he couldn’t return a completely frozen dove to a pet store and get the full refund he felt he was entitled to.

G.O.B.: I’ll mail that letter.

Scene
Narrator: Michael then went to confront his father.

Michael: You’re not going to keep running this company from in here, okay? That’s why you wanted me to give T-Bone a job, to pay him back for burning down the storage unit?

George: Michael, that’s ridiculous.

Michael: Yeah, well, I’m not hiring him. No, we don’t have the money, Pop.

George: There’s always money in the banana stand.

Michael: The banana stand... you know, that’s exactly what this feels like. Huh? Like I’m still stuck in that hot booth all summer with you pulling the strings.

George: What was I going to do? Put a kid in charge of a frozen banana stand?

Michael: Sure, that’s what I did. I just made my son the manager.

George: George Michael is running the frozen banana stand now?

Michael: Yeah, that’s right, yeah. You sit with that, you think about that for a while.

Narrator: George, Sr. did think about that.

Scene
Maeby: Well, now that we’ve got an employee, we can go have dinner. We throw away a banana for every buck we take so no one finds out.

T-Bone: Wait a minute, I think you should do that math again.

George Michael: Why? Is it wrong?

Maeby: It’s fine. He’s an arsonist, not an embezzler.

Scene
Cell phone ringing.

Narrator: Meanwhile, Michael got urgent call from his mother.

Lucille: G.O.B. is unhappy.

Michael: Again? I tried to include him, I gave him a job.

Lucille: You gave him a letter to mail.

Michael: And don’t tell me that was too much for him?

Lucille: No, Michael, he mailed the letter. That’s not the point.

Flashback
Narrator: G.O.B. had not mailed the letter, but in an act of defiance, dramatically hurled the letter into the sea. This proved a more difficult dramatic gesture than he’d anticipated.

End Flashback
Michael: So what do you want me to do about it?

Lucille: Don’t take that tone. He’s my son. I want you to make him stop calling me.

Lindsay: Am I the only one who works in this family?

Tobias: Yes, that’s my gal. Who would have imagined? Two actors in one family. We’re like the Lunts!

Tobias: Excuse me...

Scene
Narrator: And so, Lindsay and Maeby separately went to the same restaurant to celebrate the jobs they hadn’t actually performed, with money they hadn’t actually earned.

Lindsay: Did you enjoy your meal, Mom? You drank it fast enough.


Lucille: Not as much as you enjoyed yours. You want your belt to buckle, not your chair.

Lindsay: Okay, this is what I told Tobias you’d do. Say what you will about him, at least he’s happy for me.

Tobias sobbing in tub wearing cutoffs.

George Michael: You know, I think we might be doubling our losses here. Because, I mean, for every dollar you take, you’re actually taking two dollars because we paid for the bananas.

Maeby: (Laughs.) Oh, my God, you’re right.

George Michael: I am? Oh, God! I’ve screwed this up!

George Michael: Okay, we gotta go. Oh, my God! It’s your mom and Gangee!

Maeby: What are they doing here?

George Michael: They’re grown-ups, they’re allowed to have fun whenever they want! We’re kids, we’re supposed to be working!

George Michael: Oh, great. Now they’re going to tell my dad and he’s going to come check the totals and know we took the money. Oh, God, this is bad.

Maeby: Look...

George Michael: What are we going to do?

Maeby: Pop-Pop. He’s a business man. What would he do?

Waiter #1: Bananas Foster.

Lucille: You might want to let that fire go out before you stick your face in it.

Lindsay: Ah, that’s funny. Because I was going to say, you might want to lean away from that fire since you’re soaked in alcohol.

Lucille: Mine was better.

Scene
T-Bone: Welcome to Bluth Bananas, where bananas are our business. May I interest you in a banana this day?

Michael: T-Bone, what are you doing here?

T-Bone: Oh, your dad gave me this job.

Narrator: Michael realized that his father had even taken control of the banana stand. But he still had some unanswered questions, so he did a little detective work.

Michael: You burn down the storage unit?

T-Bone: Oh, most definitely.

G.O.B.: Michael. Having a nice day at the beach, while the rest of us are busting our asses to deliver your mail?

Michael: What do you want me to say, okay? You go and you complained to Mom, and I tried to include you.

G.O.B.: Include me?

Michael: Yeah.

G.O.B.: I should be in charge. I’m the older brother.

Michael: Do you even want to be in charge?

G.O.B.: No... but I’d like to be asked!

G.O.B.: You know, it’s just like when we were kids and you were the only one he let work in the banana stand.

Michael: Well, I got news for you, G.O.B. Dad still doesn’t trust me to this day. Treats me like a low-level employee.

G.O.B.: It’s better than being treated like a goofball. The joker... the magician.

Michael: I thought you were going to do like a trick there, like a fireball or something.

G.O.B.: I was, it didn’t go off. These things never when you want ‘em to.

Cell phone rings.

G.O.B.: My least consistent trick.

Michael: Hold on one sec. Hello?

Maeby: Hey, Uncle Michael, it’s me, Maeby.

Michael: Hey, Maeby, where is George Michael?

Maeby: At the banana stand. He’s about to do something really irresponsible.

Michael: You think it’s irresponsible? I’ll be right there.

Act 4
T-Bone: I’m going to get blamed for this.

Michael: George Michael?

George Michael: Dad.

Michael: Hey, what are you doing?

George Michael: I was just, uh... I was burning down the banana stand.

Michael: What?

George Michael: I’m sorry, dad, I screwed it all up. I’ve no right to call myself Mr. Manager.

Michael: Manager.

George Michael: Manager. I’m sorry, dad...

Michael: Oh, George Michael.

George Michael: I am, I mean, but listen, I’ll make it up to you. I mean, I’ll work weeknights. I’ll lay people off. I’ll give up my summer, all my summers. Just, just tell me what to do, and I’ll do it.

Narrator: Michael realized he had done to his son what his father had done to him. So he came up with a solution.

Michael: Burn it down.

George Michael: What?

Michael: Let’s burn this son of a bitch. It’s going to be our best summer ever, buddy.

Narrator: And so Michael, his son and his brother, together enjoyed the cathartic burning of the banana stand.

Michael: You mailed that insurance check, right, G.O.B.?

Scene
Narrator: The next morning, Lindsay woke up late in the day, hung over from celebrating her one day of employment, which it turns out, she had slept through.

Answering machine beep.

Roger Danish: ..all right, Lindsay, forget it. We’ll get someone else.

Narrator: Tobias was next on the call list, but unfortunately, couldn’t hear the phone over the sound of the shower.

Phone ringing.

Narrator: He did, however, use Lindsay’s conditioner and was surprised to find that it did help his self-esteem.

Lindsay: You look nice.

Tobias: What?

Lindsay: You look very handsome today.

Tobias: Thank you, Lindsay.

Scene
Narrator: And Michael finally got to show his father who’s boss.

George: You what?

Michael: Burned it right down to the ground.

George: Are you crazy? There was money in that banana stand.

Michael: Well, it’s all gone now, Dad, and it was my decision. So next time you want to have a little power struggle, just remember that you’re playing with fire.

George: There was $250,000 lining the walls of the banana stand.

Michael: What?

George: Cash, Michael!

Michael: Why didn’t you tell me that?

George: How much clearer can I say, “There’s always money in the banana stand!”

Guard: No touching!

George: No touching!

Guard: No touching!

George: No touching!

Guard: No touching!

George: No touching!

Act 5
Narrator: On the next Arrested Development, G.O.B. protests the pet stores frozen-dove exchange policy...

G.O.B.: Return from whence you came!

Scene
Narrator: ... and Michael, realizing the banana stand is the only profitable part of the Bluth Empire, decides to rebuild.

G.O.B.: Couldn’t have called me? I can’t swing a hammer? I got a rabbit to buy.

Act 1
Narrator: Now the story of the family who lost everything, and the one son who had no choice but to keep them all together. It’s Arrested Development.

Narrator: It was Sunday morning, and Michael was making cornballs, a Bluth family favorite since George Sr. unsuccessfully tried to market the device in the mid-’70s.

Cutaway
George, Sr.: Time to pull out the basket, and we dig into some hot... Son of a bitch!

Richard Simmons: Oh! Look what you did! You plopped it!

George, Sr.: I’ll plop you, you mincing little...

End Cutaway
Narrator: It was a ritual Michael shared with his son before their weekly bike ride to Balboa Island.

Michael: Today’s the big... Careful, don’t touch that. Never touch that. I’m really looking forward to our ride today. We better go extra hard to work off these cornballs.

Lindsay: Or you could not eat the cornballs and let your kid lead his own life.

Michael: Please. He loves this. Am I right?

George Michael: Actually, uh... I can’t really go today.

Michael: How’s that?

George Michael: My-my bike needs a tune-up or something.

Michael: Let’s not blame the bike. Okay? It’s a poor carpenter that blames his shoddy tools for the... Ow! (bleep) Oh! Stupid...

George Michael: You okay?

Michael: ... cornballing piece of (bleep).

George Michael: So, I’m going to go, okay?

Michael: Yeah, yeah, that’s fine. It’s good, it’s okay.

Lindsay: Getting too old for his daddy?

Michael: No. He’ll be fine. And I would buy him a faster bike if we weren’t trying to save every... Did you go shopping?

Lindsay: Oh, yeah, don’t worry about it. I paid for it myself.

Michael: With what?

Lindsay: Company credit card.

Michael: You’re returning that.

Lindsay: But...

Michael: Get a job.

G.O.B.: Michael. Hey, the Cornballer. I thought these were only legal in Mexico.

Cutaway
Narrator: In fact, the Cornballer wasn’t legal anywhere, but George Sr. continued to market it there successfully.

Dubbed voice: ¡Muy delicioso!

Richard Simmons: ¡Es verdad!

Dubbed voice: ¡Soy loco por los Cornballs!

End Cutaway


Michael: Where’d you come from?

G.O.B.: I had another big fight with Marta.

Narrator: G.O.B. had been having an on-again, off-again relationship with Marta, a Spanish-language soap opera star.

G.O.B.: It looks like I’m going to be staying here for a while.

Michael: No, it doesn’t. It doesn’t look like that. I’ve got a full house here, G.O.B.

Lindsay: He’s just in a bad mood, G.O.B., because his son feels suffocated by him.

Michael: Suffocated? Really?

Lindsay: Yes, Michael, he’s a teenager. He’s probably got a little girlfriend, and... well, let’s face it, you are overbearing.

Michael: Oh, maybe I should be a little bit more like you when it comes to parenting, huh? No borders, no limits, “Go ahead, touch the Cornballer, you know best.”

Tobias: Michael, if I could, uh, stick my pretty little nose in here for one second. When I was a psychiatrist— and this is before I became an actor...

Lindsay: You’re still not an actor.

Tobias: (Chuckles.) Lovely. ...I saw a lot of this type of behavior, and I think what you’re experiencing is your son’s very normal need to distance himself from his overbearing father. Am I touching something? (Gasps.) Hot. Hot, hot. Hot.

Michael: Be careful.

Tobias: (Quietly.) Hot, hot, hot...

Michael: You all right?

Tobias: Hi-yat. Now, take my daughter, for example. She lives her life, and... I get the pleasure of guessing what that might entail. Now... watch this— Maeby! Where are you off to on this glorious Sunday afternoon? She won’t tell me.

Maeby: I’m going to audition for a play.

Tobias: Well, that time it didn’t work.

Tobias: What-what play?

Maeby: It’s for high school. You can’t audition.

Tobias: I was totally wrong. She’s reaching out to her actor daddy.

Tobias: Does anyone have an ice pack?

Scene
Narrator: In truth, Maeby was reaching out to a boy named Steve Holt, who was auditioning for the lead in the school play.

Steve Holt: I would kiss before I spoke...

Narrator: Maeby decided to audition as well, looking for a chance to get closer to Steve.

Maeby: ...occasion to kiss... And then we actually get to kiss, right?

Narrator: George Michael also chose to audition, looking for a chance to get closer to his cousin Maeby.

George Michael: I would kiss before I spoke... And then there’s a kiss, right?

Voices: Louder!

George Michael: (Loudly.) And then there’s a kiss, right?

Narrator: And later, the cast list was posted.

Steve Holt: Steve Holt!

Maeby: Steve Holt!

George Michael: Stand-in for... Steve Holt?

Steve Holt: Steve Holt!

Scene
Narrator: Michael went to get his son a new bike to keep him from slipping away, while Michael’s mother was giving up hope that her son Buster would ever leave her side.

Lucille: Zip me up.

Narrator: Usually at this time of year, Buster would return to his postgraduate studies but without the resources to afford it his summer vacation was extending into the fall and Lucille was beginning to resent it.

Buster: Mom! Mom!

Phone rings

Lucille: What?

Lindsay: Hi, Mama. It’s Linds.

Lucille: It’ll fly out on its own! Why are you calling me? What do you need?

Lindsay: Oh, very nice, Mom. I don’t need anything. My daughter needs some new school clothes.

Lucille: Buster!

Buster: It’s a bird!

Lucille: I know it’s a bird. I’m on the phone!

Buster: It walked on my pillow!

Lucille: Look, I have a child that costs me money, too, you know. Why can’t you get a job?

Lindsay: What is it with this family and working? Michael just gave me the exact same lecture in front of everybody.

Lucille: Everybody?

Lucille: Who-who’s ev... Who’s everybody?

Lindsay: You know, the kids, G.O.B., Tobias— everybody.

Lucille: He didn’t invite Buster. Buster’s his brother, too. What’s wrong with Buster?

Narrator: And even as she asked the question, Lucille realized that perhaps it was time to let her own baby bird fly away.

Scene
Michael: Why do I have to take him?

Lucille: Because he’s your brother, and you run around with everyone else, going on bike rides, making cornholes. Everyone’s laughing and riding and cornholing except Buster. And I know he’s not the sharpest knife in the drawer, but he’s sensitive, Michael, and you could pretend to be interested in him.

Michael: Fine, he can hang out, but he’s going to work, okay? This is not going to be a day at the beach.

Buster: Th-That’s cool, that’s cool. Mom-Mom packed me a change of clothes.

Scene
Narrator: So, Buster stayed, and Michael made him build the new bike.

Michael: It’s in that big box in my office.

G.O.B.: Hey. Michael.

Michael: G.O.B., what are you doing here, and why are you in a bathrobe?

G.O.B.: What’s he doing here? Why is he in his bathing suit?

Buster: Mom dropped me off to spend time with Michael.

G.O.B.: Spend time with Michael or to serve her own menopausal needs?

Michael: She’s always got to wedge herself in the middle of us so that she can control everything.

Buster: (Chuckles.) Yeah. Mom’s awesome. Maybe we should call her.

Michael: So, why are you in your robe?

G.O.B.: I camped out in the boardroom last night. What with you kicking me out of your house, there are few places left that you have that I can stay.

Michael: Mm. Well, you can’t stay here, either.

G.O.B.: Let me ask you something. Is this a business decision, or is it personal? ’Cause if it’s business, I’ll go away happily. But if it’s personal, I’ll go away, but I won’t be happy.

Michael: It’s personal.

Buster: I am so sorry.


Act
Narrator: Michael’s son, meanwhile, was waiting with his cousin for their first rehearsal.

Maeby: I’m surprised you tried out for this.

George Michael: Yeah, I just love the theater.

Maeby: That’s great. I’m just doing it to kiss Steve Holt.

George Michael: I actually think I’m going to quit. Yeah, theater’s dead.

Maeby: But... he’s always going to be at football practice, so I’m going to have to kiss the stand-in.

George Michael: But no... no. I love the theater, and I gave my word, so I’m back in.

Narrator: Tobias, meanwhile, stopped by the school.

Tobias: (Whispers.) I know why you’re doing this.

Maeby: Dad! What are you doing here? Go away.

Tobias: Yes, because the director might be here soon, right? Oops, too late. He’s already here. Hello, everyone, and welcome to the theater. I am Dr. Tobias Fünke, and I will be your new... director.

Maeby: Oh... my God.

Flashback
Narrator: Tobias had gotten the directing job by meeting with the school principal.

Tobias: And you tell me you’ve got some P.E. teacher directing? That just makes me want to puke all over your head, sir. Give me a chance to tell the Bard’s tale, and I give you my word on humble knee, whence you shall not say it wasn’t e’er to be.

Administrator: Jerry, you cool with this?

Coach Jerry: Sure, let the little fruit do it.

Tobias: Huzzah!

End Flashback
Scene
Narrator: As the days went by, Buster’s apprenticeship was proving more trying than Michael had anticipated.

Michael: We’re excited. We want your business.

Buster yawns

Michael: And, uh, everybody at the Bluth Company is committed...

Buster: Here I go again.

Buster yawns again.

Scene
Narrator: And just when he could take no more...

Michael: ...and we’re back on track, and we’re focused, and... Buster! You can’t do that in the snack room, pal?

Buster: Mom told me to stay away from microwaves.

Buster: And besides, this is going to be the most bitchin’ly fast bike in all of Orange County.

Michael: Really?

Buster: Your son is gonna love it.

Michael: Well, I guess 3:40 is as good a time as any to call it a day.

Scene
Narrator: So, Michael left for the high school, hoping to reconnect with his son, while Tobias’ attempts to reconnect with his daughter hit a snag.

George Michael: I will stop your mouth.

Tobias: Stop! Stop it! It’s all wrong.

George Michael: But we were just about to do the kiss.

Tobias: Kiss— I know. It doesn’t work.

Tobias: Look, you are playing adults... Pick that up. Pick that up, please. ...with fully formed libidos, not two young men playing grab-ass in the shower. Would you hold the work, please?! Oh, Michael.

George Michael: Dad, what...?

Michael: So, you’re in a play, huh?

Maeby: I’m not. I quit.

Tobias: Maeby...

Michael: Why didn’t you tell me?

George Michael: Well, it’s not really important. I’m just a stand-in.

Michael: And you’re ashamed. Well, this should cheer you up. Hm? I left work early. I thought maybe we’d go for a ride today.

George Michael: Wha...? No, I can’t go on a bike ride right now.

Michael: Why because of the play? You’re just the stand-in.

George Michael: No, no, it’s not the play, it’s just... you know, I can’t go on a million bike rides whenever you want me to, you know?

Michael: Wait a minute, wait a minute, hey. Is it... is it about a girl?

George Michael: No, it’s not... No, just drop it, Dad.

Michael: Was Lindsay is right? Am I really suffocating him?

Tobias: Well, they’re different people every day, teenagers— hormones all ablaze. Except, of course, when they’re on stage when I need it.

Michael: No. He said it wasn’t about a girl.

Michael: Maybe he really is pulling away.

Tobias: Not a girl? Ah... of course. Methinks a Cupid I shall play.

Act
Narrator: Tobias came up with a new plan for the play, and a way to connect to George Michael.

Tobias: I know why you’re in the play.

George Michael: What?

Tobias: Watch this. Okay, everybody. Well, we’ve lost a leading lady, but did you know that in Shakespeare’s day, that the women’s roles were played by men? Fancy that! George Michael, you know Steven’s lines, yes?

George Michael: Sort of.

Tobias: Fine, then you are my Benedict.

Tobias: And Steven Holt... Where is Steven Holt?

Steve Holt: Steve Holt!

Tobias: Yes. Get ready for the acting challenge of your sweet young life, fair lady, for you are my Beatrice!

Steve Holt: Beatrice!

Tobias: Let’s take it from, “Peace, I will stop thy mouth.” And now we’ll see if some sparks fly.

Narrator: As George Michael contemplated kissing his rival, Michael sought his father’s advice.

Scene
George, Sr.: Well, you think you never hurt me?

Michael: What are you talking about? When have I ever rebelled?

George, Sr.: I never see you anymore, Michael.

Michael: You’re in prison. And I was here yesterday.

George, Sr.: Oh, yeah, that’s... that’s... I’m sorry. I couldn’t break away from the poker game. Capital-G was down to his boxers.

Michael: Strip poker?

George, Sr.: Yeah, and it’s tough. We can really only play about... two hands.

George, Sr.: Listen... Let him go. Let your son go.

Michael: I can’t do that, Dad. He needs me.

George, Sr.: Michael, you don’t want to make the same mistake your mom made with Buster.

Michael: Yeah, boy. What happened there?

George, Sr.: I really don’t know. Maybe it was the eleven months he spent in the womb. The doctor said there were claw marks on the walls of her uterus. But he was her “miracle baby.” And I-I was just too burnt out on raising you guys to care. So... he turned out a little soft, you know, a little doughy. I don’t know, maybe it was my fault. Maybe, uh, maybe I just ignored the guy.

Buster: Wow. We’re just blowing through nap time, aren’t we?

Michael: Yeah, I got to let my son go.

Scene
Narrator: Lindsay, meanwhile, still had the dress. And she was starting to get some positive reactions to it.

Lindsay: Look at you! I am!

Narrator: So, she decided to hide it in the attic crawl space. And Lucille was finding her hard-won privacy short lived.

Piano banging intro to “Cold as Ice.”

G.O.B.: [singing] You’re as cold as ice / Willing to sacrifice

G.O.B.: Are you crazy? I’m a magician. I make my living with my hands. And if I’m going to be staying here...

Lucille: Staying here? What, did that Mexican throw you out?

G.O.B.: She’s not “that Mexican,” Mom. She’s my Mexican. And she’s Colombian or something. Anyway, it’s over.

Lucille: You’ve got three days.

G.O.B.: Hey... if I can’t find a horny immigrant by then, I don’t deserve to stay here.

Scene
Narrator: Back at the model home, Michael was adjusting to the absence of his son by enjoying the company of his brother.

Michael: You know, I’m in pretty good shape. You could be eating my dust all day, slow poke.

Narrator: And Buster was starting to give as good as he got.

Buster: And you might be [bleep] and it’s going to [bleep].

Michael: Well, let’s hope it doesn’t come to that.

Michael: Hey, Tobias. How’s my son doing?

Tobias: Oh, well, he didn’t want to rehearse today. But I-I do think I have a handle on what he’s going through. I wish I could say the same for Steve Holt, though. I don’t know what the hell her problem is.

Michael: “Her”?

Tobias: Oh, uh, I’m sorry. I say that because I switched the parts. But, it’s still... off. Perhaps if she dressed as a woman.

Michael: “She”?

Tobias: Oh, for the love of God. She’s playing a woman.

G.O.B.: Look who’s back.

Lindsay: I’m exhausted.

Michael: Neiman’s again, huh?

Lindsay: Actually, I’ve been going to the thrift store but I’m going to find a way to keep that dress, Michael.

G.O.B.: Things didn’t work out with Mom. It was utterly macabre.

Flashback
Lucille: Zip me up.

End Flashback
G.O.B.: She always makes everything about her.

Lindsay: Oh, she’s the last person you ever want to need something from.

Michael: She likes to be needed, just as long as it doesn’t cost her anything.

Buster: It’s like she gets off on being withholding.

Michael: Whoa. Buster.

G.O.B.: Look who’s got something to say.

Buster: “I’m Mom and I want to shoot down everything you say so I feel good about myself.”

G.O.B.: Look who’s ragging on the old lady.

Michael: Hey, hey.

G.O.B.: That’s fine.

Lindsay: Finally.

Buster: “’Cause I’m an uptight... [bleep]... Buster... [bleep]... you old horny slut!”

Michael: Well, no one’s going to top that.

Scene
Narrator: And Tobias had found the perfect wardrobe for his leading man— the red dress he discovered in the attic crawl space. Assuming Michael had found and returned it, Lindsey called her mother hoping to get money for a new one.

Lucille: What?

Lindsay: Hi, Mama, it’s Linds.

Lucille: Get a job.

Lindsay: Look, just hear me out. It’s Maeby’s dress. It was stolen from her locker. They beat her up, and, uh, and took all her clothes.

Lucille: Send her over, I’ll take her shopping.

Lindsay: Buster was right. You get off on being withholding, don’t you?

Lucille: Buster said that?

Lindsay: That’s right.

Lucille: My Buster?

Lindsay: Not anymore, apparently.

Scene
Narrator: While Lucille was missing her youngest son, Michael was finally enjoying his company.

Michael: Zip me up?

Narrator: And while Buster did build a faster bike, he neglected to build the brakes.

Buster: I’m flying!

Michael: Buster?

Scene
Narrator: And George Michael had news for Maeby.

George Michael: So, I quit the play. I don’t really like plays. Also, I think your dad thinks I’m gay.

Maeby: Oh, he thinks everyone’s gay.

George Michael: So, uh, do you want to get a soda?

Maeby: I can’t. I’m actually back in the play. We’re in the middle of dress rehearsal right now.

George Michael: But I thought Steve had your part.

Flashback
Narrator: Steve did still have Maeby’s part, and Tobias had given Maeby a new part.

Maeby: So you want me to play the man?

Tobias: Yes. Don’t you see? I-I cast the parts all wrong. It was Daddy’s fault.

Maeby: And I still get to kiss Steve, right?

End Flashback
Maeby: It’s going to be a huge disaster. I’ll get you tickets.

Scene
Narrator: And Michael tried to salvage what was left of the day with what was left of his brother.

Buster: I’m a little shaky, but... but we’re here to work.

Lucille: Michael.

Michael: Mom, what are you doing here?

Lucille: Oh, hello, Buster. Here’s a candy bar. No, I’m withholding it. Look at me, “getting off.”

Lucille: How dare you turn Buster against me?

Michael: What are you talking about?

Lucille: I know what you’ve all been saying. But I’m not going to let you destroy my relationship with my son just because you don’t have one with yours right now.

Michael: Wait a minute. Me and my son are fine, and that is not what this is. Buster is a grown man. He can make his own decisions. Why don’t you ask Buster what he wants?

Buster: Michael. I want to go with Mom.

Michael: You said that she shoots you down.

Buster: I was just trying to fit in.

Michael: You were flying today, buddy.

Buster: Yes, I was flying. But a little too close to the sun.

Lucille: You let him go in the sun?

Lucille: Get in the back seat. I’ll be right out.

Buster: Front seat, Mom. I sit in the front seat now. Mmm?

Lucille: Let me tell you something, Michael. You have to fight for your family. If you were smart, you’d grab your son before he slips any further away.

Michael: Well, I disagree, Mom. I’m not going to control George Michael, I’m going to let him decide for himself what’s best.

Lucille: Mm-hmm. Well, you better hope that little bird decides to fly back into your house, because they usually don’t.

Employee: So, uh, can we go now?

Michael: Yeah.

Scene
Narrator: And George Michael watched as Maeby shared the kiss that should have been his with the boy he almost had to kiss. But, to Maeby’s surprise, she did not enjoy kissing Steve Holt.

Maeby: You smell like my mom.

Scene
Narrator: And Michael returned to the model home to find his son in the kitchen.

George Michael: Hey, Dad.

Michael: You’re home.

George Michael: Yeah, I was waiting for you. I thought we could make some of these.

Michael: Sure.

George Michael: I’m sorry about what I said at the school. It was out of line.

Michael: I shouldn’t have poked my nose into your life.

George Michael: My life?

Michael: Well, I know that you’re growing up.

George Michael: Yeah, but, Dad, you’re like the most important part of my life.

Michael: That’s a little cornball.

George Michael: I don’t mind.

Michael: I don’t mind either, buddy.

George Michael: Watch it.

Michael: Mother of God! Oh! Every damn time!

George Michael: Here.

Michael: This is a big one. Oh!

Act
Narrator: On the next Arrested Development, Tobias gets a review of his Shakespeare play...

Tobias: I didn’t get into this business to please sophomore Tracy Schwartzman, so... onward and upward. On...

... moments later.

Tobias: (Crying.) Why, Tracy?! Why?!

Scene
Narrator: ... and Buster is back where he belongs.

Buster: Mom!

Lucille: What is it?!

Buster: I can’t get down.

Act 1
Narrator: Michael Bluth arrived home to find the rental car his sister Lindsay had promised to return.

Michael: Lindsay, you have to cut back on everything. Okay? I’m even selling the corporate jet.

Lindsay: Great, so now we don’t have a car or a jet? Why don’t we just take an ad out in I’m Poor magazine?

Michael: Look, I’m trying to get development started. All right? I’ve got six guys on bulldozers waiting to get under way.

Lindsay: Bulldozing?

Michael: Yeah.

Lindsay: Well, what about the trees?

Michael: Oh, we’re just gonna cover them with blankets.

Michael: I’m ripping them out.

Lindsay: Anything for a buck, right? You are so materialistic.

Michael: Don’t suddenly turn this into one of your causes.

Lindsay: It’s not sudden, Michael. I’ve always been deeply passionate about nature. Perhaps you remember Neuterfest?

Michael: I’ll never forget your wedding.

Lindsay: I care deeply for nature.

Michael: You’re wearing ostrich-skin boots.

Lindsay: Well, I don’t care about ostriches.

G.O.B.: You’re looking at a desperate man, Michael.

Michael: Do you need money?

G.O.B.: What I need is freedom. Marta is being interviewed today on TV about her show "El Amor Prohibido". I mean, it’s bad enough that I gotta go to the awards show tomorrow night. Today I gotta stand next to her like I’m Rita Wilson.

Narrator: G.O.B.’s girlfriend Marta had been nominated for a “Daytime Desi,” the award given for excellence in Spanish daytime television.

Michael: G.O.B., you’ve found a woman who believes in you. You should make a commitment to her because life is short. Listen to me. I would give anything to be able to have that again, you know?

Michael: A family. Nothing else matters.

Lucille: Michael?

Michael: It’s Mom. Hide.

G.O.B.: You brought up money earlier I actually would like to borrow some.

Michael: No.

Lucille: Michael?

G.O.B.: He’s in here, Mom.

Michael: Come on. What are you doing? No way. That’s mine.

G.O.B.: Give it to me.

Lucille: G.O.B., wait, I need those tickets. He promised me tickets to his girlfriend’s award show.

Michael: You’re going to that thing?

Lucille: Well, my dear friend, Lucille Austero, is part-owner of a television station and I want to show up and hold my head high. I may not have her money anymore, but at least I have a live husband.

Michael: She’s lucky to have you as a friend.

Michael: Buster.

Buster: Hey, brother. Mom said you could tie this for me.

Lucille: Make it long so Buster doesn’t seem so... round.

Michael: Come here, pal.

Buster: Thanks.

Michael: What have you guys got, a big date?

Buster: Well... we’re not dating.

Michael: Nonetheless, come here, shouldn’t Buster be spending his evenings with women that aren’t so much... his mother?

Lucille: He’s a beautiful boy. They don’t appreciate him. It’s his glasses. They make him look like a lizard. Plus he’s self-conscious.

Michael: Gee, I wonder why?

Lucille: You’re one to talk.

Lucille: When’s the last time you went on a date?

Michael: I just haven’t met anybody who’s not completely self-absorbed and impossible to have a conversation with.

Lucille: If that’s a veiled criticism about me, I won’t hear it and I won’t respond to it.

Michael: Hmm. Maybe I’m wrong.

Scene
Narrator: Later that day, Michael finalized the sale of the corporate jet and was also able to solve the family’s transportation problem.

Lindsay: I am not riding in that thing.

Michael: Well, we sold the jet What am I going to do? Besides, Lindsay, it’s not like you’re materialistic. Well, then, it’s all yours.

Michael: Watch out for bridges and hop-ons. You’re going to get some hop-ons.

Narrator: And Michael was finally prepared to begin the next phase of the family business.

John Beard: We go to Trisha Thoon for more.

Trisha Thoon: An activist known as Johnny Bark has taken residence in this beloved tree, and refuses to come down. What is he protesting? The expansion of high-cost, low-quality mini-mansions, like this one here.

Michael: You got to be kidding me.

Narrator: Michael met with his sister about the activist in the tree.

Lindsay: You want me to get him out?

Michael: Come on, it’s one tree. Listen, after we get that lot cleared, we’re going to have enough money for you to neuter thousands of animals. You can make dogs and cats a complete thing of the past. No more dogs and cats. And we will have enough money for me to replace the stair car with a normal car.

Lindsay: I’ll do it for the cats.

Scene
Narrator: Meanwhile, Marta’s interview was underway and G.O.B. was getting uncomfortable playing the supportive role.

Marta: I just told them that we are this family now, and that a career is one thing, but family is forever.

G.O.B.: I, too, have an announcement to make. To prove that no prison can hold me, I will incarcerate myself in the penitentiary that holds my own father, only to escape 24 hours later. No shackles can hold these hands. Say that to them in Spanish.

Scene
Narrator: The next day, Michael got a call to meet G.O.B. at the prison.

Michael: You’re going into prison? I thought there was something wrong with Dad.

G.O.B.: What? No, Dad’s fine. I just saw him out there throwing a ball around with a couple of guys. Which, of course, he never did with me.

Michael: How’d you even get them to agree to this?

G.O.B.: Oh, the warden’s a fan.

Flashback
Warden Buck: You really think you can break out of my prison?

G.O.B.: You won’t even know I was here.

Narrator: The warden was intrigued— Less about the stunt, and more about the prison beatings this brash magician was sure to receive.

Warden Buck: Any press is good press, huh?

End Flashback
Flashback
Narrator: And so, G.O.B. went about swallowing the key to prepare for his escape.

End Flashback
G.O.B.: Then I pass the key, bust out of prison, and into magic history. Of course, that is going to conflict with my going to the Desis with Marta.

Michael: Well, life’s a compromise. I probably would have taken her to the nice event, but, prison will be fun, too.

G.O.B.: Thank you. I knew you’d come through.

Michael: Come through? How’d I come through? G.O.B., how’d I come through?

G.O.B.: You might want to find something a little stronger, Warden. Oh, what is your problem?

Scene
Narrator: Meanwhile, Lindsay set about fulfilling her promise to Michael.

Lindsay: Get out of our [bleep]ing tree.

Narrator: At this moment, Maeby found another opportunity to rebel.

Maeby: We have to save this tree.

George Michael: We have to.

Scene
Narrator: And George Senior was about to be surprised by his son.

George, Sr.: Keep your arm up— that’s how you get accuracy.

G.O.B.: I thought you said throwing the ball against the garage door by yourself was how you got accuracy.

George, Sr.: G.O.B., what are you doing here?

G.O.B.: Life, Dad. I killed a guy. No. It’s just a publicity stunt. I’ll bust out of here tomorrow. Impressive, no?

George, Sr.: You idiot, you’re gonna get yourself killed.

G.O.B.: Oh, I’m sorry, I didn’t realize there weren’t any magic fans here.

George, Sr.: Hey, White Power Bill, he’s all right.

G.O.B.: White Power Bill can’t hear you... with such dirty ears.

Little Justice: Hey, White Power Bill has dirty ears. Hey, guys. Dirty-ears Bill. Dirty-ears Bill.

Scene
Narrator: And Michael was about to get a surprise visit of his own.

Marta: Michael?

Michael: Yes. Hi. I’m Michael.

Marta: I’m Marta.

Michael: You’re Marta?

Marta: Thank you so much for taking me to the awards. G.O.B. said he really appreciated you coming through for him.

Michael: Oh, sure. Yeah. This is how I came through, huh? Listen, Marta...

Marta: And I hope you don’t mind driving. I-I took a cab here.

Marta: I just couldn’t find my keys.

Michael: Well, my brother may have eaten them.

Michael: Look... Um... I haven’t hired a limo or anything.

Marta: I don’t mind.

Michael: I think you might.

Scene
Lindsay: Look, I’m an activist, too, and I appreciate what you’re doing for the environment. But we’re not the only ones who destroy trees. What about beavers? You call yourself an environmentalist. Why don’t you go out and club some beavers?

Johnny Bark: You don’t really “get” nature, do you?

Lindsay: It will be torn down— with or without you. Where are the stairs?

Scene
Narrator: Meanwhile, the Desis were under way.

Everado: ...Guillermo Ortiz, como El Raton. Pablo Dominguez, como Pepito, Felicio Colon, como Miguelito...

Narrator: And Lucille was mingling with the elite of the Latino Television Academy.

Lucille: Can I get a vodka tonic, please? I’d like a vodka tonic, please. Vodka tonic, please. A sea of waiters and no one will take a drink order.

Narrator: Buster was also mingling, but at Lucille’s insistence, wasn’t wearing his glasses.

Buster: ¿Como estoy? Exciting night.

Narrator: And Lucille Bluth crossed paths with Lucille Austero.

Lucille 2: Lucille? Lucille! Aren’t you something? Showing up here without your husband. Shame be damned. Caution to the wind.

Lucille: That’s so sweet, darling. I’m here to support you. You’re the one who’s all alone and likely to stay that way. My husband’s just a phone call away.

Lucille 2: That’s one call per day, isn’t it? Gee, I should think he’d want to save that for his lawyer.

Lucille: At least he’s in prison, not an urn.

Lucille 2: You are so deliciously witty.

Lucille: Oh, aren’t we having fun?

Narrator: The other Lucille also suffers from severe vertigo.

Narrator: Lucille Austero, meanwhile, perhaps because she’d never seen him without his glasses, first took notice of Buster. Buster, however, failed to notice her and she sent him a proposition.

Waiter #2: Excuse me, sir. This is for you.

Scene
Narrator: Finally Marta’s category was announced.

Everado: Y el Desi va a... Sandra Elena Higuera!

Michael: Marta. Hey... I’m sorry. You really deserved to win in there. Did you win? I don’t speak Spanish...

Marta: It’s not about the award. It’s crazy, but I thought it would make G.O.B. proud...

Michael: I’m sure in his own way...

Marta: No, I just think he doesn’t understand family. You know? Commitment. But those are the only things that matter in life.

Narrator: At that moment, Michael realized that this was the most beautiful woman he’d ever seen, and for the first time since he lost his wife, he wanted someone. At the same moment, G.O.B. was ready to retrieve the key to execute his escape.

Scene
G.O.B.: Is there a private bathroom nearby?

George, Sr.: You’re looking at it.

G.O.B.: No, no, no. I can’t use that. I need privacy. Yeah, I’ve always been that way. I can’t go without privacy. I can’t pass this key without privacy.

George, Sr.: Well, I could ask the guys to leave, but, uh... you know, they’ve been locking the doors lately. I don’t know.

G.O.B.: I’ve made a huge mistake.

Scene
Narrator: Michael was having a wonderful time with Marta and didn’t want the evening to end, while Lindsay was bonding with the man in the tree.

Johnny Bark: You have no idea what it’s like to save a living thing.

Lindsay: For your information, I do. My husband Tobias and I used to do this kind of thing all the time. I guess that’s why I was so attracted to him. He was a serious and committed advocate for change.

Johnny Bark: Where is he now?

Lindsay: He’s at a weekend stage-fighting workshop with Carl Weathers.

Lindsay: But he used to believe in things. We both used to.

Michael: Sorry, Lindsay. I didn’t realize you were up there.

Lindsay: Oh, I’m up here, Mike. And I’m not coming down. I’m going to save this tree, no matter what it takes!

Michael: Okay. I’ll see you when you realize what that bucket’s for.

George Michael: You know, I can see why your mom likes it. It is a really nice tree...

Maeby: We’ve got to get it torn down.

George Michael: ...that must die. Stupid tree.

Act
Lucille: Buster’s out of control!

Michael: What, another panic attack?

Buster: Me? No. She’s just wigged out because I have a girlfriend.

Lucille: A waiter hands him a note, suddenly he’s Steve McQueen.

Lucille: He doesn’t even know what she looks like.

Buster: I know she’s a brownish area. With points. And I know I love her!

Lucille: I’m calling Dr. Miller.

Buster: Okay, I don’t know I love her. But I cannot tell you how liberating it is to be with someone who’s not Mom... who’s nothing like her.

Michael: Yeah, and you’re just jumping right into this, huh?

Buster: Oh, yes, yes. That’s what you do when life hands you a chance to be with someone special. You just grab that... that brownish area by its points and you don’t let go no matter what your mom says.

Michael: Good talk.

Phone ringing.

Michael: Hello?

G.O.B.: Michael! Change of escape plans. I unplugged the ice cream sandwich machine and the guards are all eating them before they get too melty, so I’ve got like a half an hour. Meet me at the south prison wall and bring the stairs.

Narrator: Michael knew he had an obligation to his brother.

Scene
G.O.B.: Michael!

Michael: Hey, G.O.B.!

G.O.B.: Where the hell are the stairs?

Michael: Oh, I thought you were kidding.

Michael: Hey, speaking of kidding, How serious are you about Marta? I get the sense that there’s not much of a future there. Am I reading that right?

G.O.B.: Let me ask you something. How would you feel if I came down on you hard?

Michael: You’re saying I’m not reading this right.

G.O.B.: No, I’m saying move the bike. I need to jump on you to break my fall.

Michael: G.O.B., don’t be an idiot. Don’t jump on me.

G.O.B.: No, I have to. Come on. Stop moving.

Michael: Come on, don’t jump on me.

Narrator: The guards soon became concerned about the paperwork that would be required of them if G.O.B. actually did jump.

G.O.B.: You’re making this very, very difficult. Oh, God... this is personal.

Michael: G.O.B.! G.O.B.! Good talk.

Scene
G.O.B.: I’m a complete failure.

George, Sr.: Where’d you get that kind of talk?

G.O.B.: From you. You always say that about me.

George, Sr.: Well, maybe you’re not entirely to blame. I haven’t always been the best kind of father either.

G.O.B.: Dad, you’ve done a pretty good job of being a father to everybody in here. What have they got that I don’t? I mean. you’ve never even... thrown a ball around with me.

George, Sr.: Great. Now you’re an athlete.

Scene
Narrator: Lindsay left the tree to sleep in her own bed. And Johnny Bark left the tree to awaken her.

Johnny Bark: So, Lindsay... I was thinking...

Lindsay: Johnny Bark?!

Johnny Bark: I want to be with you, Lindsay. And I know you want to be with me, too.

Lindsay: No, I don’t.

Johnny Bark: But... all the things you said about commitment and believing in things. That’s the way I feel.

Lindsay: Johnny, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to lead you on. I think you’re gross.

Lindsay: Uh-oh.

Johnny Bark: My tree. That’s why you never get out of the tree.

Scene
Narrator: And G.O.B. was about to get a reason to stay in prison.

George, Sr.: You all right?

G.O.B.: Not great.

George, Sr.: Maybe this will help.

Narrator: And for the first time, G.O.B. had the game of catch with his father he’d been waiting for his whole life.

George, Sr.: Okay, ready? Put your mitt up. There you go.

White Power Bill: White Power!

G.O.B.: I’m... white.

Scene
Narrator: And Michael decided to share his feelings with Marta.

Marta: Michael.

Michael: Marta. I’m not really quite sure how to say this, but, uh...

Phone ringing.

Michael: Uh, I had a great time last night.

Marta: I did, too.

Michael: And, um...

Ringing continues.

Michael: We’re so in synch on so many things, and, uh, I... You guys don’t have a machine, huh?

Ringing continues.

Marta: I’m sorry. (Into telephone.) Hello.

Marta: Oh, my God! G.O.B. has been stabbed in the back.

Scene
G.O.B.: Am I still in prison?

Lucille: You’re in the hospital.

G.O.B.: Ta-da.

Scene
Narrator: Meanwhile, Buster was waiting in the hallway.

Lucille 2: Buster?

Buster: Miss Austero. What... what are you doing here?

Lucille 2: A touch of the dizzies.

Buster: Oh.

Lucille 2: So, listen, Buster, have you given any, uh... thought to my offer?

Buster: I’m sorry. What?

Lucille 2: Well, I mean, my phone hasn’t made a peep.

Buster: Has your hair always been that pointy, Miss Austero?

Lucille 2: It’s Lucille.

Buster: Right, right. That’s my mom’s name.

Lucille 2: (Laughing.) Yes.

Buster: Oh, God.

Lucille 2: Buster? Hel... I’m all right. I’m all right...

Scene
Lucille: He’s fine. I’ll be in the hospital bar.

Michael: Uh, you know there isn’t a hospital bar, Mother.

Lucille: Well, this is why people hate hospitals.

G.O.B.: You were right, Michael. Life is too short. Mine almost ended today. So, I think I’m going to work things out with Marta.

Michael: You are, huh? Boy, that’s, uh... That’s great.

G.O.B.: Hmm, you know what’s funny? I was going to walk out of that prison last night and break up with her. Good thing you didn’t bring the stairs, huh?

Michael: Hmm, very funny. Yeah, it’s hysterical. I’m lucky. Hey.

Marta: Can I come in now?

Michael: Yeah, sure. He’s fine.

Marta: Listen... I really appreciate you... helping me out last night.

Michael: Well, you know, you’ve got to put family first. That’s the stupid thing that I believe.

G.O.B.: Hey, you two keep on talking out there I’m going to start getting jealous.

Marta: I was really worried about you.

G.O.B.: You’ve got nothing to worry about. We’re going to be together for a long time.

Marta: We’re a family now. I am so happy. I’m going to call the kids.

G.O.B.: I’ve made a huge mistake.

Act
Narrator: On the next Arrested Development, G.O.B. learns how he survived his stabbing.

Surgeon: Looks like the shiv would have done some real damage if it hadn’t been for this. It was in your lower intestine.

G.O.B.: So close.

Scene
Narrator: And Buster makes a bold move.

Lucille 2: Buster.

Buster: Let’s go for it.

Act 1
Narrator: Now the story of a wealthy family who lost everything and the one son who had no choice but to keep them all together. It’s Arrested Development.

Narrator: Michael Bluth always rode his bike to work, but the recent heat wave had taken some of the fun out of it. It had also caused problems in his presentation to the Bluth Company investors.

Investor: So there’s no screwups with the permits this time?

Michael: The permits have been filed absolutely on time. You have my word on that. Um, tell you what. Let me get some of this... Well... Well, as you... The important part is here.

Kitty: Bye, you guys. Really great to see you again. They think you’re full of (bleep). I think it’s the sweating.

Michael: I’ve got to get a car.

Kitty: Don’t worry. I told them the truth.

Michael: That I rode here on a bike?

Kitty: That the permits weren’t filed.

Michael: But my dad filed the permits before he went to jail.

Kitty: He most certainly did not.

Michael: So, I just lied to the investors?

Kitty: You most certainly did.

Michael: That’s really great. Well, I’ve got to ride my bike out to the prison and talk to my dad about this. That’ll be fun in hundred-degree heat.

Kitty: Why don’t you just take your dad’s car?

Michael: No, Dad would never go for that.

Flashback
Narrator: George Sr. had always been overprotective of his cars.

George, Sr.: There’s no ice cream in the car.

Michael: I’ll be careful.

George, Sr.: All right, this is what we’re going to do. Careful, Michael. Oh!

End Flashback
Kitty: Whatever you think.

Michael: Yeah.

Kitty: But I did see G.O.B. driving it last week.

Michael: Wait. Honestly? G.O.B.’s driving the car?

Kitty: I’m not the liar.

Scene
Narrator: Michael wanted his father’s car, so he went to confront his brother G.O.B.

G.O.B.: Give me a “G.O.B.”

George Michael: G.O.B.!

G.O.B.: No, I didn’t mean for you to yell my name at me. It’s what I call a double-dipped banana with everything on it.

Michael: Hey, I can’t believe you. I asked you two weeks ago whether we should use Dad’s car and you said it would be “bad form.” Now I hear you’re driving it.

G.O.B.: That is a lie. A bald-faced lie.

Narrator: G.O.B. was lying. He had been driving his father’s car.

G.O.B.: Look, why don’t you just take your precious portable stairway vehicle you’re always trying to convince us is a car?

Michael: Yeah, that would be great, except our brother-in-law left it in an airport parking lot.

G.O.B.: From whence it came, huh?

Cutaway
Narrator: In fact, Tobias had intended to park the family’s only vehicle at the airport parking lot, but was waved onto the tarmac instead, where he found a spot close to his gate.

End cutaway
George Michael: Here you go, Uncle G.O.B. I had to use two sticks just to support all the extra chocolate and nuts.

Michael: Hey, hey, hey, whoa. Two sticks and extra chocolate? Is it Mardi Gras?


Michael: What are you charging for that?

George Michael: He doesn’t like to discuss money.

G.O.B.: I don’t like to discuss money.

Michael: What does that mean? You're paying for that.

G.O.B.: A Bluth banana? No, I hadn’t planned on it.

G.O.B.: But I’ll tell you what. If you want to use my likeness for a Hamburglar-type character, I’ll sign off on that. “Mr. Banana Grabber” or something.

Michael: No, no. No more banana grabbing, no more car grabbing.

Michael: Throw that away, please.

George Michael: But it’s already made.

Michael: I don’t care. Nobody gets it now, okay? Are you happy?

G.O.B.: My own brother. Michael. My own selfish brother. Michael.

Michael: All right. I do not want you to get upset. He did not mean that. He says things that he doesn’t...

G.O.B.: Selfish Michael.

Michael: He did not mean that, either.

Scene
Narrator: Michael then went to his sister to find his father’s car.

Lindsay: What car? I don’t know what you’re talking about.

Michael: Dad’s car. The one you didn’t tell me that you had, even though I had to ride my bicycle to work all week.

Lindsay: Oh, Dad’s car. Well, obviously I’m going to use it if it’s an emergency.

Flashback
Narrator: Lindsay had such an emergency three days earlier when her salon was able to squeeze her in at the last moment.

Lindsay: (Gasps.) That color’s discontinued!

End Flashback
Lindsay: I had to get ready for the bachelorette auction.

Michael: The bachelorette auction? You know you’re married.

Lindsay: You just go to dinner with the guy. It’s for charity.

Michael: That’s what you said about posing for the Ladies of Literacy Calendar. The one with the pictures of all the 30-year-old women in lingerie with their nipples covered by copies of Oliver Twist. Yeah, that made a big difference for the young ones.

Lindsay: It would have if it didn’t get banned from the schools.

Michael: Come on, face it. You just do all this charity crap just to stroke your ego. You don’t even know what the auction’s for tonight.

Lindsay: The wetlands.

Michael: To do what with them?

Lindsay: Dry them.

Michael: Save them.

Lindsay: From drying. Which is more than you would ever do. I mean, you’re like the least-charitable person I know.

Michael: I don’t do anything for myself. Everything that I do is for this family.

Lindsay: Oh, you don’t do it for us, Michael. You just do it because you love being the guy in charge. ’Cause you love saying no. Like you said to G.O.B. when he wanted a frozen banana. And even after he gave you the rights to his “Mr. Banana-Grabber” character.

Michael: All right, you know what? I will start doing my charity work when you start doing yours. In the meantime, where’s the car?

Lindsay: I think Buster has it. I don’t know. It’s on the schedule.

Michael: There is a schedule? I’ve always tried so hard not to look at this thing.

Scene
Narrator: So Michael went to find Buster.

Lucille: Who let you in?

Michael: Your new cleaning woman. What happened to Luz?

Lucille: Supposedly, Luz had to take her daughter to the hospital. That’s Lupe, her sister.

Michael: I hope she’s okay.

Lucille: She’s awful. Can barely wash a dish.

Lucille: Uh-oh. She better not walk through here after she’s been in there. Tell me you’ve got an exit strategy.

Michael: Mother...

Lucille: Oh, please. They didn’t sneak into this country to be your friends.

Michael: Wow.

Lucille: Don’t you judge me. You’re the selfish one. You’re the one who charged his own brother for a Bluth frozen banana. I mean, it’s one banana, Michael. What could it cost, ten dollars?

Michael: You’ve never actually set foot in a supermarket, have you?

Lucille: I don’t have time for this. I’ve got to get ready for the bachelorette auction.

Michael: You’re doing that? You can’t possibly tell me that you care about the wetlands.

Lucille: I care about going for more money than Lucille Austero.

Narrator: In fact, Lucille Bluth had made sure of that.

Flashback
Lucille 2: Lucille!

Lucille: I got you tickets to The Producers. I already saw it in New York. But that’s of no use to a woman whose vertigo makes flying a grotesque misadventure.

Lucille 2: You must have scrimped and saved for these. But isn’t this the night of the auction?

Lucille: Is it?

End Flashback
Michael: You seem pretty confident.

Lucille: Oh, I think there’s a certain bachelor who won’t mind coming home with me at the end of the evening.

Michael: Buster.

Lucille: Where did he go? Buster! Why do you hide every time the doorbell rings?

Buster: I’m not hiding.

Flashback
Narrator: Buster was hiding from Lucille Austero. After inadvertently flirting with her at a social event while not wearing his glasses. And Lucille had been pursuing him ever since.

Lucille 2: Buster, hi. It’s me again. I’ve still got those Producers tickets, and I’d love to share them with you. I don’t want you to think I’m taking this more seriously than you are, unless you’re planning some grand romantic gesture, my feelings are just the teensiest bit hurt.

End flashback
Lucille: What are you going to do?

Buster: Bid on you.

Lucille: How much?

Buster: $10,000.

Lucille: When?

Buster: When they call my name.

Lucille: No, they’re not going to call your name. They’re going to call my name. Good grief.

Michael: Hey, Busty, have you been using Dad’s car?

Buster: No. Well, yes.

Michael: You got the keys?

Buster: Probably in my school pants.

Michael: Okay.

Buster: I have been a part of this archaeological dig. We think we found a part of a pterodactyl under Fashion Island.

Flashback
Buster: That was 90% gravity.

End Flashback
Buster: It is my day on the schedule, but I guess you get them first.

Michael: Yeah.

Buster: Wait. I need my rape whistle back.

Michael: Did you get all your stuff out of the car?

Buster: Yeah, I left my homework in the back seat, but I can get it later.

Michael: Okay. Okay.

Buster: Help.

Scene
Narrator: Michael surveyed the damage to his father’s car: The partially excavated skull, the spilled nail polish, the burned seats and he came to an important decision.

Michael: I’m getting some ice cream, I can tell you that right now.

Act
Narrator: Michael, now able to drive to prison, confronted his father about the permits.

Michael: How come you didn’t tell me that you didn’t file them?

George, Sr.: I’m under a lot of pressure here. I’m trying to get my newsletter off the ground. I’m trying to decide which gang to align myself with.

Michael: Is it pledge week already?

George, Sr.: I’ve got it down to two. But honestly, I don’t even want to choose. I just feel... I feel like the prettiest girl at the dance.

George, Sr.: Hey, listen, about that permit thing, that’s an easy fix. Just break into the permit office, slip the application into the next file and then tell them “Hey, you guys screwed up.”

Michael: I’m not doing that, Dad.

George, Sr.: Michael, you lied to your investors. You got to make that right.

George, Sr.: Call G.O.B. He’ll handle it. That’s what he’s for.

Michael: That’s what he’s for?

George, Sr.: You better tell him I’m asking. I don’t thing he’s going to do it for you after you wouldn’t even give him a frozen banana, Michael.

Michael: Is there a chat room that you guys all...?

George, Sr.: Not charitable.

Michael: Never mind. I’ll tell G.O.B. that you want him to do this.

George, Sr.: Okay. I’ve got a dance I got to get ready for.

Michael: Whoa, there’s really a dance?

George, Sr.: I don’t know. Both sides are making a lot of promises.

Scene
G.O.B.: You should call this a “G.O.B.,” guy.

Michael: G.O.B., can I talk to you for a sec? Listen, um... I’m really sorry about before. I said some things, and I got a little carried away. It’s not the way you’re supposed to treat a brother. Especially one that I value so highly. Oh, I need a favor.

G.O.B.: (Tooth whistles.) That was subtle.

Michael: Did you just whistle?

G.O.B.: I had to buy a candied apple when you denied me a banana. So, yes, I’m whistling. Satisfied?

Michael: It’s not that noticeable. Listen, Dad would like for you to break into the permit office.

G.O.B.: Dad? Dad said he wanted me for that?

Michael: Yes, he did. Will you do it?

G.O.B.: Maybe. (Whistling.) I have some conditions. Terms.

Michael: Why?

G.O.B.: One condition and one term.

Michael: All right. Let’s have a condition first.

G.O.B.: A free banana whenever I want.

Michael: Single dip.

G.O.B.: Double dip. But I’ll take one stick.

Michael: All right, what else?

G.O.B.: Creative control, spin-off rights and theme park approval for Mr. Banana Grabber, Baby Banana Grabber, and any other Banana Grabber family character that might emanate there from.

Michael: I retain animation rights and we go back to single dip.

G.O.B.: Done.

Michael: Great. What else?

G.O.B.: You humiliated me in front of my nephew. I expect you to fix that. I want the respect of your son.

Michael: You better let me do the talking. George Michael, your uncle has a request.

G.O.B.: One Bluth banana, George Michael.

Michael: Go ahead. Give it to him. G.O.B. deserves your respect, and from now on I want you to do whatever he asks you to do, okay? After all, he is your uncle, and, um... I think we ought to just embrace that.

G.O.B.: Thank you.

Michael: So, I held up my end of the deal?

G.O.B.: I can’t believe I gave you animation rights. I hope that doesn’t come back and bite me in the ass.

Scene
Narrator: Meanwhile, Lindsay, wanting to prove to Michael that she was a charitable person joined a group of activists dedicated to preserving the wetlands.

Lindsay: Yeah, hi. I’m gonna need a taxi.

Lindsay: I don’t know if that smell is you, the car, something you ate, or something you’re about to eat, but my God, you’re in a service business.

Michael: Hello.

Lindsay: I’m in the wetlands. I’ve got a poker thing, and I’m gonna clean them up. So the next time you want to tell me that I’m uncharitable, why don’t you just ask yourself, who called you from the wetlands?

Michael: Who is this?

Lindsay: Nice try. You’re the selfish one. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’ve got some nature to save.

Narrator: While Lindsay was finding it difficult to be truly charitable Michael was looking for an opportunity to rise to Lindsay’s challenge, and that’s when he recognized his mother’s fill-in housekeeper at a bus stop.

Michael: Hello there. You’re not riding the bus today. Get in this car. I’m not taking no for an answer. Come on, don’t make me get out of this car and put you in here myself.

Narrator: Unfortunately, the woman he picked up wasn’t Lupe, but was a total stranger. And upon seeing bones, a shovel and what appeared to be blood... she realized he wasn’t who she thought he was.

Helen Maria Delgado: Oh, mister, please, por favor, dejame salir del carro.

Michael: This is going to be tricky. I don’t speak Spanish.

Helen Maria Delgado: Yo es scared-o. Uh-huh.

Michael: Izquierdo. I know that one.

Helen Maria Delgado: Uh-huh.

Michael: Left turn it is, missus. They call me selfish.

Narrator: He thought he was helping his mother’s housekeeper, but he had the wrong woman.

Michael: I mean, I guess it would just be a guy who you know, grabs bananas and runs. Or, um, a banana that grabs things. I don’t know. Why would a banana grab another banana? I mean, those are the kind of questions I don’t want to answer.

Michael: Hello?

Lindsay: Oh, Michael, it really... it’s so beautiful here. You have to come down and see this.

Michael: Yeah, well, I’m a little busy right now. I’ve got someone else in the car with me, and I’m not going anywhere until she’s taken care of.

Lindsay: Look, I screwed up, okay? I’m lost and I hate them. I hate the Wetlands. They’re stupid and wet and there are bugs everywhere and I think I maced a crane, Michael. Look, you’ve got Dad’s car, why don’t you come pick me up?

Michael: Crazy. Loco. Listen, we got to make a little detour, okay? So I hope no one’s waiting for you.

Scene
Narrator: In fact, the woman Michael thought was Lupe did have people waiting for her, and they had reported her missing. The real Lupe, meanwhile, was leaving Lucille’s for the evening.

Lucille 2: Buster... I’m... Oh. Hello. It appears my one-time admirer’s not planning some grand romantic gesture after all. You know what? It’s his loss. It’s his loss. It’s his loss.

Scene
Narrator: G.O.B., meanwhile, was casing the permit office, following the first rule of surveillance: Never get noticed.

G.O.B.: (Tooth whistling.) Carrier Express.

Worker #1: Say, you’re not our regular guy.

G.O.B.: (Whistling.) No, I’m the substitute.

G.O.B.: Right. Forgot about that.

Worker #3: Hey, Gary... get a picture of me with the new whistling delivery guy.

Narrator: G.O.B. realized he needed a new plan.

Scene
G.O.B.: So, I need you to give your father a message for me.

George Michael: All right, well, you heard my dad. I have to do whatever you ask me to.

G.O.B.: All right, take this lock-pick, break into the permit office for me.

George Michael: I think I’d better check with my dad first.

Maeby: You’re going to break into a permit office? Sweet. Can I come?

Narrator: And George Michael saw a chance to get closer to Maeby.

George Michael: You know, my dad hates to micromanage. Let’s just do this.

Scene
Narrator: And back at the Wetlands, Lindsay finally found her taxi.

Lindsay: Oh, good lord, you smell worse than before. Oh, my God, it’s me.

Narrator: And in her haste to leave the Wetlands, she forgot to call Michael.

Michael: Hey, hey. Stay there. What are you doing? Get in the car. Don’t move. Lindsay! Linds! Come on, I’m tired of looking. She’s not here. Probably never was here. She set me up. This is probably all about the car. I’m going to kill her. Hey! Where are you going? Hello? I’m trying to help you. You’re welcome!

Scene
Narrator: Meanwhile, G.O.B. met with his father to discuss the permit office break-in.

G.O.B.: (Tooth whistling.) So I say to Michael, “If it’s so important to Dad, I’ll look past your selfishness and do it.”

George, Sr.: There’s a dentist in here who took liberties with his patients. And I’m going to ask him to take a look at whatever is happening with you.

G.O.B.: Thanks, Pop.

George, Sr.: Hey, my stock is never going to be higher with his gang than it is right now.

G.O.B.: Yeah, so have you made a decision?

George, Sr.: I don’t know. I thought it had it down to two, but then the Haitians made this beautiful pitch.

George, Sr.: So, uh, any trouble at the permit office?

G.O.B.: No, no, no, no, no.

George, Sr.: Easy.

G.O.B.: No, I delegated just like you taught me.

George, Sr.: Who’d you get?

G.O.B.: George Michael.

George, Sr.: My grandson?

G.O.B.: Yeah.

George, Sr.: You got my 14-year-old grandson do this?

G.O.B.: Under 18 walks out clean.

George, Sr.: Listen, um... there’s a very strict “no touching policy” here. But, um... oh, what the hell, it’s worth a week in the hot box.

Guard #1: No touching!

George, Sr.: You stupid ass.

Scene
Narrator: And George Michael was successful with the lockpick G.O.B. gave him.

George Michael: What are you doing? We’re supposed to put the form in the wrong file.

Maeby: I know. I’m just leaving my calling card.

George Michael: I thought we didn’t want anyone to know we were here.

Maeby: Well, it’s a little late for that, our fingerprints are everywhere.

George Michael: But you said they weren’t gonna check for fingerprints.

Maeby: No, I said don’t wear your mittens. I didn’t want you to look stupid on the security cameras.

George Michael: There’s a security camera? Someone’s coming. What do we do?

Maeby: I don’t know. I always get caught.

George Michael: Save yourself. I’ll take the hit. My record’s clean. Well, I got my bike seat was stolen once, but I don’t think it counts on your record if you’re the victim. I mean, there is a record, but it’s not like...

Maeby: Yeah, thanks. I’ll take the rap next time we do something like this, okay?

George Michael: Next time.

Scene
Narrator: And Lindsay made it to the Save the Wetlands auction, just barely in time.

Lucille: Oh, honey... You’re not supposed to show up as the Wetlands.

Narrator: While Lucille was waiting for Buster to show up and bid on her, Buster was waiting for the other Lucille to leave for what he assumed was The Producers, but was now in fact, the bachelorette auction. And Lindsay was finally up for auction, which Michael arrived just in time to see.

M.C.: What do I hear for Lindsay Bluth? Gentlemen, it’s a good cause.

Narrator: And as Michael looked at his sister, uncertain whether her face was red from the embarrassment or the sun damage, it was clear she had been in the wetlands that day.

Michael: $1,000.

M.C.: Seriously?

M.C.: Sold! To the man who truly knows what charity is. And now, ladies and gentlemen...

Buster: Move! Move, please! Move!

M.C.: ... the lovely Lucille...

Buster: Move!

M.C.: Ooh, lucky bastard.

Narrator: And Buster showed up just in time...

Buster: Ten thousand dollars!

Lucille 2: Buster!

Narrator: ...to bid on the wrong Lucille.

Lucille 2: How grand!

Buster: M...

Lucille 2: How terribly grand!

Lindsay: Well, how embarrassing. My own brother buying me? I’d rather die. (Whispers.) Thank you. Maybe you’re not that selfish.

Michael: Well, you know, you actually went out there. I was impressed that you gave it a shot.

Cop #1: Excuse me.

Michael: Yeah?

Cop #1: Is this your car?

Lindsay: Yes, it’s his.

Cop #1: You’re under arrest...

Michael: Ow!

Cop #1: ... for the abduction of Helen Delgado.

Michael: What’d you do?

George Michael: I was just trying to be a good guy.

Michael: Me, too. Me, too. Let’s go see Pop-Pop.

Act
Narrator: On the next Arrested Development, Michael gets a lucky break when Helen makes the same mistake that he did...

Helen Maria Delgado: Four. Cuatro.

Cop #1: Four, step forward.

Scene
Narrator: ...and G.O.B. kicks himself for a bad business decision.

Mr. Bananagrabber: (Lisps.) Look, a seagull.

G.O.B.: I never should’ve given up animation rights.

Act 1
Narrator: Michael Bluth was visiting his father in prison, anxious to get to the bottom of some mysterious bookkeeping.

Michael: It just doesn’t make any sense, Dad. I mean, where’d this money come from and why did it end up in the international accounts file?

Narrator: George, Sr. was also anxious, but less about the bookkeeping.

George, Sr.: This game is never gonna happen. Look at this—half of these guys, they’re still in their cuffs.

Michael: I hate to be a buzz kill, but I’m trying to get you out of here.

George, Sr.: Yeah, well, I’m trying to get us out of last place, Michael. We’re playing Rahway next week. Word has it that they’re getting Jose Canseco.

Michael: I’m starting to wonder why I even bother coming.

George, Sr.: That is ridiculous.

Michael: You won’t even talk to me.

George, Sr.: I’m catcher or I’m nothing.

Scene
Narrator: Frustrated by his father, Michael returned to work, where his assistant, Kitty, greeted him with some startling news.

Kitty: Your wife’s on line one.

Narrator: Michael’s wife had been dead for two years.

Michael: My what?

Narrator: Kitty realized her mistake.

Kitty: I said, “Your wife is on line one.”

Narrator: But not immediately.

Kitty: Oh, oh, God, I’m sorry. George’s wife. Your mother.

Kitty: I’m so used to being George’s assistant.

Narrator: Kitty had been George, Sr.’s fiercely loyal assistant for years. And Michael suspected that she had the information he needed.

Michael: Hey, Kitty. Listen, you wouldn’t know if we had any documentation on those international accounts, would you?

Kitty: That’s actually not any of your business... my business. That’s not any of my business.

Michael: (In phone.) Hey, Mom.

Lucille: Are you aware that we have been downgraded to being just pool members at the club now?

Michael: Yeah, it’s a real shame what’s going on with this family. You’re stuck by the pool and Dad’s getting picked last for softball.

Lucille: Nonetheless, Michael, you can free up a little company money to get back our golf privileges.

Michael: No, I can’t, Mom. You don’t even play golf.

Lucille: No, but I use the clubhouse dining room until I was turned away today. It’s embarrassing.

Lucille: Take it back. If I wanted something your thumb touched, I’d eat the inside of your ear.

Lucille: You should see the looks I’m getting. Fine, if you can’t free up the cash, have your father call the club president.

Michael: I’ve got news for you, Mom. I’m not visiting dad in jail anymore.

Michael: No, I’ve had it. I really have. You know, I’m down there every single day. I’m trying to do what I can to get this company back on track and he barely even acknowledges me.

Lucille: That is disgusting. Talk to your father. I will not stand for this.

Michael: G.O.B., can I, uh... get you to stop doing that?

G.O.B.: I’m just setting up an office. Got to write a strongly-worded letter to one Warden James Buck.

Narrator: In order to restore his career as an escape artist, G.O.B. had recently checked into prison as a publicity stunt.

Flashback
Warden Buck: You think you can break out of my prison?

G.O.B.: You won’t even know I was here.

Narrator: But after a shiv to his side, G.O.B. was rushed to a local hospital, thus fulfilling, in G.O.B.’s mind, his contract with the public.

G.O.B.: Ta-da!

End flashback
Narrator: And yet, the warden had refused to acknowledge the legitimacy of the escape.

G.O.B.: I’m going after this guy with everything I’ve got. Art. Now, we are writing a letter.

Kitty: G.O.B.? I wish I would have known you were coming. I am a mess.

G.O.B.: Don’t know if a call from me would’ve changed that.

Kitty: (Snorting laugh.) Do you like my outfit?

G.O.B.: Not as much as I like what’s underneath it.

Kitty: G.O.B.!

G.O.B.: No, I need your chair. Get up. I’ve got a letter to write.

Kitty: Whew, you’re all business. Just like your dad.

G.O.B.: My God, she’s repulsive.

Narrator: Michael realized that Kitty’s obvious attraction to G.O.B. could perhaps be of use to him.

Michael: G.O.B.... how would you like a touch lamp?

Scene
Narrator: Meanwhile, Lindsay and Tobias prepared for their first session with a therapist.

Lindsay: Yes, Tobias, I want the marriage to work. I just don’t know if therapy is the answer.

Tobias: Oh, right. Because you didn’t respect my old career and you certainly don’t respect my new one.

Lindsay: You don’t have a new one.

Narrator: Things have been tense since Tobias left his psychiatry practice to pursue an acting career.

Lindsay: I have needs, you know.

Tobias: And how am I not addressing your needs?

Lindsay: How can you even ask that? What is this?

Tobias: Oh, go right to that. Good, go right there. Real mature. Really great.

Scene
Tobias: Okay, kids. Mommy and Daddy are going out for ice cream.

Maeby: Can we come?

Lindsay: Sorry, it’s not for kids.

Maeby: Well, now we have to follow them.

George Michael: Yeah. What? Okay... so why are we doing this?

Maeby: Cause it’s obvious they’re lying. Come on, drive!

George Michael: Well, what if they see us?

Maeby: How are they going to see us?

George Michael: Well, it says “Bluth Company” right on the side, plus it’s a stairway. That’s gonna catch the eye.

Cutaway
Narrator: The airport stairway vehicle was the last vestige of the Bluths’ former wealth.

Narrator: Also, that House Of Pies went out of business.

End cutaway
Maeby: You are scared. I knew it.

George Michael: No, I’m not scared. It’s just that... I have plans later. I’m visiting Pop-Pop.

Maeby: You visit Pop-Pop?

Flashback
Narrator: In fact, he’d been terrified of the very notion of prison since, as a young boy, he accidentally watched HBO’s Oz, mistaking it for the classic Judy Garland musical.

Man on Television: I’m an innocent man!

End flashback
George Michael: Lots of times.

Maeby: What’s it like?

George Michael: Hey, you know what you should do? You should go get your Mom’s datebook. Yeah, she must have written down where they’re going.

Maeby: Oh, hey, I still want to hear about prison, okay?

George Michael: I hope you can handle it.

Scene
Narrator: Michael arrived home in a good mood.

Narrator: With G.O.B. getting the information from Kitty, he would no longer have to visit prison and deal with his father.

Michael: Hey, Buddy? I came home early. Wanna do something? Anything, anything at all.

George Michael: I want to visit Pop-Pop in prison.

Scene
Narrator: Back at the office, G.O.B. was making progress with Michael’s assistant.

Kitty: Here’s where we keep all of our heavyweight paper.

G.O.B.: I bet you can show me where a lot of things are.

Kitty: What kind of things are you looking for?

G.O.B.: What... what are you hiding?

Kitty: Nothing you can’t find.

G.O.B.: Wait a second... wait, wait, wait. Take off your glasses. Oh... wait, wait. Let down your hair. No, glasses on, hair back up. Let’s just get that hair right back up.

Kitty: Let me turn the lights off.

G.O.B.: Yes, yes, please.

Kitty: How’s that? Is that better?

G.O.B.: It just seems like there’s still light coming in from under the door.

Scene
Narrator: And Lindsay and Tobias were, for the first time, addressing their marital problems.

Lindsay: It’s like we’re face-to-face now. Like we’re really seeing this marriage and I’m afraid it’s a lie.

Tobias: (Slow clapping.) Bravo. See, if I gave a performance that good, I’d have my own Alias-type show.

Lindsay: Stop it. I am so sick of hearing about acting, acting, acting.

Dr. Gunty: Okay, okay, look—maybe we need a new approach. Um... let’s try some role-playing.

Tobias: (Clapping.) Yes! All right!

Act
Narrator: Michael headed back to the prison, despite his earlier vow never to return.

George Michael: You always say, “family first.” I should see my grandpa, right?

Michael: Listen, I’m not stopping you, but just after this, I’m not going back out there.

George Michael: Why? Is it scary?

Michael: Scary? No. No, it’s the opposite of scary. It’s like a carnival. Without the half person on the skateboard that grabbed your knee to steady himself. It’s like a country club—all the guy does is eat ice cream and play softball all day.

Flashback
Narrator: In fact, George, Sr.’s softball game had taken most of the day. It was the 14th inning and tensions were running a little high.

George, Sr.: I’ll give you a thousand bucks if you call the next one a strike. My knees are killing me. Okay, no batter.

Umpire/Guard: Strike three.

Batter: Strike three, my ass.

George, Sr.: Oh... No batter, no. No batter. Shh...

End flashback
Michael: Okay, there he is. Now, go on in there and surprise him. I’m going to get us a few ice cream sandwiches. Go on... go on.

George Michael: Hey, Pop-Pop. How’s prison?

George, Sr.: I’m gonna die in here.

George Michael: What?

George, Sr.: They’re gonna kill Grandpa. I gotta... I gotta get out of here. I’m an innocent man. You’ve got to help Pop-Pop get out of here. Give me your hair. Give me your hair!

Guard: Hey, no touching! No touching.

George, Sr.: Give me the hair.

Michael: One of these got smushed, but don’t let that ruin prison for you.

George, Sr.: (Softly.) No batter... no batter. No batter...

Scene
Narrator: I’m sure your grandfather was just kidding around. You know that’s his sense of humor.

George Michael: I know, I know. Yeah. I don’t... I don’t totally get the hair joke, but I’m fine, Dad.

Michael: Are you sure?

George Michael: Yeah.

Michael: I am going to head back in though, okay? I’ll see if Pop-Pop’s got any more zingers. Why don’t you just stay out here and relax, pal, okay? Watch the softball game.

George Michael: Okay.

Michael: I’ll be right back.

Guard: Hey! Stop! Stop!

George Michael: Dad?

Scene
George, Sr.: I don’t like prison anymore.

Michael: That’s why I’m trying to get you out of here.

George, Sr.: I don’t know. Maybe I’ve been in denial, but this place is breaking me, Mikey. I’m alone here but for you.

Michael: Come on. You got me, you got Mom.

George, Sr.: Your mother’s never shown her face.

Michael: Whoa! She’s never been here? You should have heard the grief she gave me when I said I’d never show up again.

George, Sr.: You said... you said what?

Michael: Dad, come on. You don’t need me. You’re playing softball all the time.

George, Sr.: I do need you, Michael. No more softball.

Michael: This is nuts, you know? You’re her husband. The least she can do is come out and visit you, right?

George, Sr.: God, you know your mom. This isn’t her crowd. She’s very easily threatened. You remember the carjacker?

Michael: Well, she’s certainly toughened up since then. You know, she’s eating lunch by the pool now.

George, Sr.: Well, there’s a big difference between the country club pool and the conjugal trailer.

Michael: That’s not what I meant when I said visiting.

George, Sr.: That’s too bad, because I really miss that personal contact. It was the one thing that calmed me when I got stressed. It just felt humanizing.

Narrator: Michael, for the first time, saw his father as a vulnerable human being.

George, Sr.: Daddy horny, Michael. I haven’t had sex in a month.

Michael: You know, you’ve been here two months.

George, Sr.: It’s hard to gauge time.

Michael: Yeah. I’ll bet.

Scene
Michael: Hey, Mom, I went to go visit Dad today. Quick question: How long does it take you to get out there?

Lucille: Oh, I’ve never been.

Michael: Then why does he tell me that you’ve never been?

Lucille: (Belching.) Ooh! Sorry, Michael. Pool food. My system’s not used to curly fries.

Michael: How can you ignore that man? You know, he’s having a hard time in there. He’s lonely.

Lucille: That’s what his children are for.

Michael: Yeah? Well, you know, there are certain things that he can’t get from his children.

Lucille: If you’re going to say pride, Michael, you’re wrong. He is proud of his children.

Michael: I wasn’t going to say pride, Mom. Uh... listen. I... I... I think that... I think that you should... Oh, I can’t believe I’m going to say this. I think that you should visit him in an intimate... marital... trailer.

Lucille: Are you mad?

Michael: You think I’m comfortable asking you to do this? I mean, he needs you, Mom.

Lucille: Did he say that? Did he say that he misses me? Does he need his wife’s embrace?

Flashback
George, Sr.: Daddy horny, Michael.

End flashback
Michael: He said some wonderful things.

Lucille: You really want this for him, don’t you?

Michael: I do.

Lucille: Golf membership “want it”?

Scene
Narrator: Meanwhile, Lindsay and Tobias were getting to the heart of each other’s vulnerabilities with a role reversal exercise.

Tobias: Because I’m a woman...

Dr. Gunty: Good.

Tobias: ...with a woman’s needs..

Dr. Gunty: Louder.

Tobias: ...and a woman’s urges.

Dr. Gunty: Right.

Tobias: Please, Tobias. When was the last time you looked at these?

Lindsay: Yeah, okay. How long is this session?

Tobias: Okay, well, see, I don’t know what’s happening here. She’s breaking in and out of character.

Lindsay: I don’t want to be in a character.

Dr. Gunty: Okay, let me stop you guys, all right? Please, let me get in here.

Lindsay: Thank you.

Dr. Gunty: You’ve never been a real wife to me, Lindsay.

Tobias: That’s not true, and you know it! A man is looking back at you— a man with dreams and aspirations.

Narrator: Meanwhile, Maeby found an address in her mother’s appointment book, and was getting closer to learning what her parents were up to.

Tobias: ...David Schwimmer.

Dr. Gunty: What? If I’m no Schwimmer, you’re no Jennifer Aniston!

Tobias: sobbing : ...I’m not even... Face it.

Dr. Gunty: I have dreams, Lindsay. Dreams... Lindsay.

Tobias: Well, then, Tobias... follow those dreams. Make those dreams happen.

Dr. Gunty: Yes, I will.

Lindsay: And, scene.

Dr. Gunty: Oh! Wow!

Tobias: Okay. I’m sorry. I stepped on your line.

Dr. Gunty: No, not at all.

Dr. Gunty: Lindsay, I mean, did that answer some questions for you?

Lindsay: Yeah, yeah, it did, yeah. Now there are two men I want to leave.

Scene
Narrator: Michael arrived home, happy to have a brother to share his recent burden with.

G.O.B.: Great news.

Michael: Oh, good, buddy. I could use it. I just came from convincing Mom to have sex with Dad.

G.O.B.: What? God! What is wrong with you? That is disgusting!

Michael: What’s wrong with you?

G.O.B.: Oh, I’m sorry. It was just the thought of Mom and Dad together. I have a sense of propriety, all right?

Michael: Fine. What’s your great news?

G.O.B.: I [bleep]ed Kitty.

Michael: Oh, G.O.B.! I just wanted you to get the information.

G.O.B.: I got the information.

Michael: You did, huh? About the international accounts?

G.O.B.: Oh, I see what you’re getting at. No, I didn’t get any information.

Michael: That’s great. Good, good, good, G.O.B.. Well, you just lost the touch lamp.

G.O.B.: What? No, Mike! Come on!

Michael: No. The deal’s off. Forget it. I’m going to use the touch lamp to set the mood in the conjugal trailer when Dad’s nailing Mom.

G.O.B.: No! Don’t... Michael! You are filthy!

Scene
Narrator: The two cousins reunited, each a little shaken by what they had pretended to be fearless about.

George Michael: So you think they’ll get divorced?

Maeby: I don’t care. I’m not saying I don’t care like kids who say they don’t care when they really do care, ’cause I really don’t care.

George Michael: Right, I know. Who cares, right?

Maeby: I mean I care.

George Michael: How could you not?

Maeby: You know our families are really messed up.

George Michael: I know. We’re like the only normal ones.

Maeby: At least we got each other, right?

Maeby: George Michael?

George Michael: Sorry. Sometimes I just don’t know if it’s going to be a long hug or a short hug or like a middle or a medium hug. It’s hard to tell sometimes. Yeah. It was, it was good. That’s plenty for now. Okay, hug’s gotta end sometime. Obviously.

Scene
Narrator: Soon, Michael was driving Lucille to prison and she seemed to be looking forward to it.

Lucille: Where are we going after?

Scene
Michael: Hey, Dad.

George, Sr.: Michael. What are you doing here?

Michael: You needed my help an-and I know it’s hard for you to ask, so I took it upon myself to bring her.

George, Sr.: That doesn’t make you uncomfortable?

Michael: Well, yeah, the drive was a little awkward.

George, Sr.: Not every son would do this for his father. I... Thank you for this.

Lucille: Hello, George.

George, Sr.: What the hell is your mother doing in here?

Michael: What are you expecting?

George, Sr.: Oh, I’ve done a bad thing. I’ve done a terrible thing.

Michael: There’s someone else in that trailer— isn’t there?

George, Sr.: I’ve done a repulsive thing.

Michael: Wait, whoa. It’s Kitty?

George, Sr.: Shh!

Michael: How long? When did this start?

George, Sr.: Oh, come on. This is the first time. Every Friday for the last eight years. Michael, Daddy...

Michael: Horny. I got that.

George, Sr.: Oh, come on. Hey, wait a minute. This is easy. This is the easy one. No, I-I’ll go, I’ll go in there with Kitty. I’ll do, I’ll do my thing and then, then I’ll go and see your mother. This is a hard one.

Michael: She’s your secretary.

George, Sr.: See, you’re right. Family first. Take care of Kitty. Michael. I need you now.

Michael: International accounts need me?

Narrator: And so an agreement was made. George, Sr. would reveal the truth, and Michael would make sure Kitty didn’t come out of the trailer.

G.O.B.: Yeah?

Michael: Hey, G.O.B., where are you? I need you to come to the prison.

G.O.B.: I’m at the prison.

Michael: You’re here?

G.O.B.: I’m delivering the strongly worded letter I wrote lit by nothing but natural light.

Michael: Well, how would you like that touch lamp and the office and, what the hell, full use of the secretary?

Scene
George, Sr.: Thank you for doing this. It means a... it means a lot. Okay, I’ll get down on the couch and...

Lucille: I’m not going to have sex with you, George. I came to tell you how much I hate you for what you’ve done to this family. You’ve ruined us.

George, Sr.: I’ve ruined us? You got a lot of nerve, honey. The millions you pissed away on clothing and jewelry and the spa treatments...

Lucille: Yes, to keep you interested in the only thing you ever appreciated—my body.

George, Sr.: Can I help it if you got a fantastic body?

Lucille: And you’re as powerful as a bear. My husband, the bear.

George, Sr.: Spare me some honey, wife.

Lucille: Oh, I’ve missed you.

Scene
Narrator: G.O.B., meanwhile, stalled to keep Kitty in the other trailer.

G.O.B.: Glasses off. Glasses on. Hair up. Glasses off. Down, on. Have we done up, off?

Kitty: Oh, G.O.B., this is so wrong.

G.O.B.: And bright. Wrong... and, and bright. Much better. Brighter. God, you know what? I’m gonna, uh, I’m just gonna wash up real quick.

Kitty: I think I’m gonna go with, with down and off.

Narrator: G.O.B. had to do the right thing. But as he headed to his car, he ran into the warden, who had just read his strongly worded letter.

Warden Buck: Well. If it isn’t Sincerely Yours.

Narrator: And so, G.O.B. was detained against the window of the trailer his parents were becoming intimate in.

G.O.B.: Oh, God, Mommy, what did you do?

Scene
Michael: Hey, buddy.

George Michael: Where were you?

Michael: I had to help out your grandfather and then I had to vow that I would never help your grandfather again. Pretty much a normal day for me. How are you doing?

George Michael: I’m fine, I guess. It’s just... You know, you think of prison as this place full of guilty people and it doesn’t bother you that much, but if Pop-Pop could be there, then anybody could be there, and I don’t want to go to prison, Dad. I don’t think I could take it. I mean, I know I act tough, but I...

Michael: Is this what you’re worried about? ’Cause, you know, I got news. He’s, uh... he’s guilty.

George Michael: He is?

Michael: Oh, yeah. Incredibly guilty.

Act
Narrator: On the next Arrested Development... Tobias talks Lindsay into another session.

Dr. Gunty: And I decided that... I want to become an actor, too.

Scene
Narrator: And George, Sr. makes good on his promise to come clean on the international accounts.

George, Sr.: All right, there’s a good chance that I... that I may have committed some, uh... light... treason.

Act 1
Narrator: Michael Bluth had called a meeting with the family’s long-time attorney to discuss his father’s incarceration.

Barry: I am so sorry. It was a client. Okay...

Narrator: But he was finding it difficult to get any answers.

Barry: How long was I on the phone?

Michael: 25 minutes.

Barry: Well, you know, with the cell phone charges, I could have rounded it out to about an hour, ’cause it’s easier to bill. All right. Anything else to go over?

Michael: We’ve got everything else to go over. We haven’t done anything to get my dad out of jail.

Barry: Okay, first of all... What are you doing? Pilates? Because no 40-year-old woman should look like that.

Michael: Well, no 40-year-old woman does look like that.

Narrator: He was, however, getting along with his sister, which was unwelcome news to their mother who feared this unity might be used against her.

Barry: I do have some big news. It’s going to cost you a little money— $20,000, something like that. The courts have agreed to let your father... out of prison.

Lucille: This is a lawyer.

Buster: He’s a master.

Barry: For the entire afternoon.

Michael: What-what do you mean, “afternoon”? What afternoon?

Barry: The day before Christmas. In time for the Living Classics Pageant, because I know how important that is to all of you.

Narrator: The Living Classics Pageant, an Orange County tradition, consists of live representations of classic works of art. The Bluth family has participated, not only as a patron but as an integral part of its most popular exhibit: Michelangelo’s The Creation of Adam.

Buster: I don’t really want to be Adam this year.

Barry: Well, if you want to play Eve, you got to get in line behind what, above five homos. That was wrong. I-I am so sorry. It’s just that I have one down at the office now, and I mean it is every day.

Tobias: I would be happy to play Adam. Uh, I’d prefer a speaking part...

Lindsay: Please don’t speak for the rest of the meeting.

Tobias: Zing!

Buster: No, no, seriously, I don’t want to play Adam.

Lucille: Buster, every year we go through this song and dance, and every year you say, “Thank you, Mama, for making me play Adam.” You’re doing it.

Flashback
Narrator: This concerned Buster, as he’d been secretly dating his mother’s best friend and chief social rival, Lucille Austero.

Buster: Can’t we just stay here and play poker again? You can bet your vertigo medicine against my anxiety pills.

Lucille 2: No! Buster, for God’s sake, there’s music to hear, places to go, envy to stir! Look, I’m tired of keeping our love a secret. We are going out, and that is that! Oh, Buster. Okay, I’m okay. I’m okay!

End Flashback
Barry: Okay, I’m going to get out of your hair. We’ll talk about this money later in the week.

Michael: Excuse me, but we’re not going to pay $20,000 to get my dad out for one day.

Barry: No, no, it’s a bond. It’s all refundable. Unlike my time.

Michael: It’s been a complete waste of two hours, okay? We’re just not going to do it, and that’s that. What do you doing? Are you writing two hours?

Barry: No, I’m taking notes. I’m taking notes on the case.

Michael: Let me see that. Let me just see that.

Barry: You’re scaring me. You know what? Just leave it alone!

Michael: Let me just see what you wrote.

Barry: Leave it alone! It is a gift from a client!

Lucille: Barry’s very good.

Lindsay: He’s an idiot.

Michael: Exactly.

Michael: We’re not trying to get Dad out for a night. We’re trying to get him out for good. And we’re going to get a new lawyer. I actually know of one who’s available. His name’s Wayne Jarvis. He’s a top guy.

Cutaway
Narrator: Wayne Jarvis had become famous after an employment discrimination suit against the family’s current attorney, Barry Zuckerkorn.

James Alan Spangler: It’ll be a long time before Barry Zuckerkorn calls anyone a “homo” again.

End cutaway
Lucille: You know, I am really happy that you two are in agreement, but we’re not getting rid of Barry. He’s like family, and you can’t fire family.

Michael: Yeah, I know. Hey, Maeby.

Lindsay: Maeby, where have you been?

Maeby: You left me at home. You do remember you have a daughter, right?

Tobias: Uh, yes, uh, of course we remember, and we were worried sick, young lady. She’s fine. Our daughter is all right.

Tobias: (Quietly.) Sorry. You said you didn’t want her to come.

Lindsay: I said I didn’t want you to come.

Tobias: Oh, that makes more sense.

Lindsay: Now she’s going to think we’re totally self-involved.

Tobias: I-I can fix this. Buster’s probably still in the lobby. Let me go see if I can’t get him to give me the part of Adam.

Lindsay: Okay, and I’ll see if I can get some money from my mom.

Lucille: Lupe, there are some juice glasses on the sofa table.

Lindsay: Oh, Mama, I’ll help you clean up. (To Lupe.) There are some salad plates on the piano.

Lindsay: Well, what a party. Mom, you make it seem so effortless.

Lucille: What do you need money for? A divorce?

Lindsay: No, Mom. Tobias and I are doing fine, thank you. It’s my credit card debt.

Lucille: Forget it.

Lindsay: Fine. I’ll ask Michael. He’ll give it to me.

Lucille: Well, maybe if you get him drunk. It’s the only way he’ll give money to someone who calls his “stay-in-bed-mom...”

Lindsay: He said that about me?

Lucille: I know it was harsh, but, you know, he thinks you’re completely irresponsible. A stay-in-bed mom. Probably because you don’t work, and you’re lazy. Oh... his words.

Lindsay: I don’t believe him.

Lucille: I know! Just when you were getting along so well.

Maeby: They’ve got to be kidding me.

Scene
Narrator: Michael’s brother, G.O.B., meanwhile, had missed the meeting that morning after being delayed by his girlfriend, Marta.

Marta: Te quiero.

G.O.B.: English, please.

Marta: I love you.

G.O.B.: Great. Now I’m late.

Scene
Narrator: And while G.O.B. took his girlfriend for granted, Michael was learning Spanish to get closer to her.

Tape: That is not something I can bring to my boss.

Narrator: Unfortunately, the one tape he could find was of little use to him.

Tape: Are you going to the complimentary breakfast?

Michael: That’ll get her hot.

G.O.B.: Well, if it isn’t the boy who lives under the stairs.

Michael: Hey, G.O.B.

G.O.B.: What are you doing? Learning Spanish?

Michael: Nope. It’s s... it’s something for work, so, yes, uh, yeah...

Scene
Narrator: Meanwhile, Buster was trying to get George Michael to take his place as Adam.

George Michael: I don’t know, Uncle Buster.

Buster: But you don’t have the frontispiece yet?

George Michael: Frontispiece?

Buster: Look, I don’t want to go through a whole song and dance with you. You’re going to love it. Y-You just can’t do anything that violates the original painting, like giggling or itching. They do allow some nervous crying, but you can tell they don’t like it.

Scene
Narrator: And Maeby was teaching her parents a lesson for forgetting her...

Maeby: Who knows how long I’ll be gone?

Narrator: ...when she spotted George Michael.

Maeby: Nice pecs. Got a kickin’ bod.

Narrator: Thus George Michael found a compelling reason to keep the muscle suit on.

Scene
James Alan Spangler: The law offices of Barry Zuckerkorn.

Michael: Yeah, it’s Michael Bluth for Barry.

Barry: (Whispering.) I’m not here.

James Alan Spangler: Uh, Barry’s not here. Can I give her a message?

Michael: Yeah. Tell her she needs to whisper a little softer next time. And I’m not paying for this phone call.

Barry: I am not a girl, you...

James Alan Spangler: Go on. Call me something. I’m redoing my kitchen.

Michael: That’s it! I’ve had it with this jerk Barry. I’m going to make Mom sit down with Wayne whether she likes it or not.

Lindsay: You’re the jerk.

Michael: Did I just wake you up? I didn’t even know you were home.

Lindsay: No, Michael, I don’t just sleep all day.

Flashback
Narrator: Actually, Lindsay was so upset at Michael that she tried meditating to calm herself but ended up taking a two-hour angry nap.

Maeby: Yeah, this suitcase should be big enough.

End flashback
Michael: Where is all this coming from? I thought we were getting along.

Lindsay: Yeah. So did I. And now I hear you’re telling our mother that I’m completely irresponsible and a stay-in-bed mom?

Michael: That doesn’t even sound like me. That sounds like Mom. Or Bruce Vilanch. Could be Bruce Vilanch.

Lindsay: Yeah, well, then why would she say it?

Michael: Because we’re getting along.

Lindsay: ’Cause we’re friends again.

Michael: You gotta remember, Mom typically has nothing in her system except a bottle of vodka and an estrogen pill.

Lindsay: Speaking of which...

Narrator: Michael and Lindsay proceeded to drink and air their grievances about their mother.

Lindsay: She’s always trying to get me to admit that my marriage isn’t working.

Michael: So, how’s it going with you and Tobias?

Lindsay: It’s not working. And it’s why I wanted her help with my credit card debt. I’m trying to take at least some of the pressure off this marriage. And if anything, it’s worse, now we’re sharing a bedroom.

Michael: You guys were not sharing a bedroom before?

Lindsay: Well, the cutoffs weren’t exactly a turn-on.

Michael: (Whispering.) Yeah, what’s the deal with the cutoffs?

Lindsay: You’ve got to promise not to tell anyone this.

Michael: Okay.

Lindsay: He’s a never-nude.

Michael: Is that exactly what it sounds like?

Cutaway
Narrator: Tobias suffered a rare psychological affliction of never being able to be completely naked, even when alone.

Tobias: Excuse me, do these effectively hide my thunder?

Doctor #1: Oh, I’m sorry. No, I need you to be completely undressed.

Tobias: I am completely undressed.

End cutaway
Michael: I thought he just liked cutoffs.

Lindsay: Me, too.

Lindsay: What about you? What-what’s going on with your love life? I mean, have you even met anyone since your wife?

Michael: That is the one subject I am not eager to talk about, Lindsay.

Michael: I love Marta.

Lindsay: Mom’s housekeeper?

Michael: G.O.B.’s girlfriend.

Lindsay: Oh my God.

Michael: Yeah.

Lindsay: Listen, you’re a great guy, and if she doesn’t see that, then someone else will.

Michael: You know what else, Lindsay? You’re great. And I’m going to move some money around. If it’s going to help you get out of debt. You know, I’d be happy to do that.

Lindsay: No, Michael...

Michael: Yeah! The hell with Mom, and here. Mom’s never going to get between us again.

Lindsay: Yeah.

Act
Narrator: The next day, Buster, having pawned off playing Adam, went to Lucille 2 to ask her out for Christmas Eve.

Lucille 2: That is terrific! ’Cause I got two tickets to the pageant.

Buster: Mm! My-my mother’s going to be there.

Scene
Narrator: And George Michael was trying to pass as a more muscular boy than he actually was.

George Michael: 100.

Maeby: 100? I had you at ten.

George Michael: I did some earlier in the day. It’s a running total. So, wh-what’s with the suitcase?

Maeby: It’s a little test to get my parents to notice me. You ever get the feeling like no one even sees you?

George Michael: I’ve got a really good body, so... no.

Tobias: Hey, gang, whatcha doing?

Maeby: Just packing up. Packing it on up.

Tobias: Uh-huh. Listen, uh, can I talk to you alone for a moment?

George Michael: Oh, yeah, I’ll-I’ll leave you two alone here.

Tobias: Oh, no, George Michael, I meant you. Maeby, can we have the room? So as you know, I was hoping to play Adam in this thing, and I want you to know that I am not threatened.

George Michael: You know what? I’d be happy to let you play Adam if...

Tobias: Oh, give me the suit. Give me the suit.

George Michael: I’m actually wearing it right now, but I can’t tell you why.

Tobias: You’re wearing it right now?

George Michael: I have to wear it all the time. You... you’d never understand.

Tobias: Oh, please, I’ll never un...? I’ll never understand? That you can never be nude? I understand more than you’ll... never know.

George Michael: Yikes.

Scene
Narrator: Michael finally arranged a meeting with attorney, Wayne Jarvis.

Michael: We’re looking for a more professional approach for our representation.

Wayne Jarvis: Well, I’m a professional. I am serious, and I’m a professional.

Michael: That’s fantastic. So, how long have you been...?

Wayne Jarvis: I also don’t like small talk.

Michael: No?

Wayne Jarvis: I find that unprofessional.

Michael: Mm-hmm.

Wayne Jarvis: Why should I be billing you for small talk when I’m enjoying it as much as you are?

Michael: Then this must be a freebie, ’cause I’m having a ball.

Wayne Jarvis: (Chuckles.) When you’re ready to get serious, give me a call.

Michael: No, no. No, no. I-I’m sorry. I’m-I’m sorry. I’m serious. I’m ready.

Wayne Jarvis: Good. If you retain my services, I will get your father out of jail, and we will be countersuing before the end of the year. We’re going to get this company’s name back to where it started.

Michael: Or hopefully higher.

Wayne Jarvis: I didn’t say that. Don’t hold me to that.

Michael: I won’t, and I appreciate that to a wonderful degree. My mother is on her way up here, and-and she’s, uh, resistant to the idea of hiring a new attorney. If she even sees you, she probably won’t come in the room.

Wayne Jarvis: I shall duck behind the couch.

Michael: What a pro.

Lucille: Michael.

Michael: Hi.

Lucille: I need to get the money to get your father out for the pageant.

Michael: Actually that’s not why I called you here today, and I’m not doing that. I gave that money to Lindsay to pay off her credit card debt.

Lucille: Oh, what’d she do, get you drunk?

Michael: No, we just, uh, well... we-we did drink a little bit. How’d you know that?

Lucille: Because that’s what she said she’d do. I said you wouldn’t give her the money, and she said, “He will if I get him drunk.” Probably because she thinks you’re a cheap bastard. Oh... her words.

Michael: She set me up?! All that stuff about her marital troubles and Tobias being a never-nude?

Lucille: A never-nude? I thought he just liked cutoffs.

Michael: How do you treat somebody in your own family like that? Lying and deceiving and saying anything just to get your own way?

Lucille: So, what did you want to see me about?

Michael: Hmm?

Michael: Oh, um... there’s a big bowl of candy in my office. Why don’t you go eat it.

Wayne Jarvis: Wayne Jarvis, attorney at law. I have a responsibility to tell you that there is no candy in this office.

Michael: Lindsay.

Scene
Lucille: What are you doing here?

G.O.B.: I had to get away from Marta. Ugh. If I have to smell another meal of fish, rice and mango, I’m going to kill somebody. And now Michael’s learning Spanish. What’s up with that?

Lucille: Oh, who knows? He won’t get your father out of jail for a night. He’s bringing in a new attorney.

G.O.B.: New attorney? And he’s learning Spanish? He’s hiding something, and I intend to find out what it is.

Lucille: Do yourself a favor, get him drunk.

Lindsay: Barry. (To Lucille.) I see you’re getting closer to our attorney.

Lindsay: Well, I just want you to know that I won’t be needing your help after all. My brother, Michael, came through, as he always does, and as you never do.

Lucille: Whatever it takes to get your relationship with that never-nude back on track.

Lindsay: Michael told you that?

Lucille: He couldn’t wait to.

Scene
Narrator: And later, while Michael was meeting with Wayne...

Lindsay: My thing with Tobias was a secret, like you stealing your brother’s girlfriend, you little weasel. I mean, I open up to you, you run off and tell Mommy.

Michael: Excuse me. Excuse me! Outside, please. Thank you. Pardon us. Like it wasn’t just a bunch of lies to get me to pay that debt, huh? Isn’t that why you got me drunk in the first place?

Lindsay: Oh, yeah, I got you drunk.

Michael: Mom told me about your little plan.

Lindsay: What plan? I had a great time last night!

Michael: So did I.

Lindsay: Then why are we yelling at each other?!

Michael: Mom.

Lindsay: Unbelievable.

Michael: She did it again. All right, we got to teach her a lesson.

Lindsay: Mm.

Michael: Excuse me, Wayne, my sister and I were outside having a business discussion, and we were wondering if there’s some sort of legal way that we can humiliate our mother. Something shaming, something public.

Wayne Jarvis: I’ve used one adjective to describe myself. What is it?

Michael: Professional.

Lindsay: Somehow, we got to screw Mom.

Michael: Maybe we can get Barry to help.

Lindsay: Forget it. I think I was right about them all along. You know, Barry’s taking Mom to the pageant?

Michael: On a date?

Lindsay: Yeah.

Michael: You know, if Dad could see her on a date with Barry, he’d go crazy.

Lindsay: Which would allow us to hire Wayne.

Michael: How do you feel about staying in debt just a little bit longer?

Scene
Narrator: So they decided to spend the money Michael had promised Lindsay to get their father out for the pageant, where he’d catch his wife on a date with Barry. Maeby, too, continued to try to teach her parents a lesson.

Maeby: Okay, so I printed the fake airline ticket from my computer. If my parents miss this, I really might go to South America.

George Michael: That says Portugal.

Maeby: That’s right.

Narrator: Maeby’s parents didn’t find the ticket, but G.O.B. did...

G.O.B.: Portugal?

Narrator: ...which confirmed his suspicions.

G.O.B.: Going to live it up down ol’ South America way, huh, Mikey?

Scene
Narrator: And Buster finally gave in to Lucille 2’s wishes.

Lucille 2: You ready to show me off before God and the whole world?

Buster: Well, it’s not my Dad’s reaction I’m worried about.

Scene
Narrator: And George Michael finally saw the painting he was going to be recreating. And then what frontispiece meant. George, Sr. got his 24 hours of freedom as the pageant finally began.

Act
Monti: You know, I saw you do this when I was kid. I was so impressed, you know. You were so still and god-like. You know, it was at that moment that I knew I would be a dancer.

George, Sr.: Glad I could make a difference.

Scene
Narrator: Michael and Lindsay searched the crowd for their mother and Barry so they could revel in the public shaming they had engineered.

Michael: Mom, what the hell are you doing?

Narrator: But instead, they found her with Wayne.

Lucille: I don’t have to answer that.

Michael: I don’t know which one of you I’m more disappointed in. No, it’s Wayne. Wayne...!

Wayne Jarvis: I have needs. I am a man!

Michael: Hey, watch...

Lucille: What’s the difference? Your father doesn’t care about me. Barry tells me he’s not even trying to get out of prison.

Lindsay: Mom, he’s here. Dad’s here.

Lucille: He’s here?

Lindsay: Yeah, he’s here.

Lucille: Why did you do this?

Lindsay: We were trying to teach you a lesson.

Lucille: You idiots. If he sees me with Wayne...

Michael: We’ll be stuck with Barry.

Wayne Jarvis: I shall duck behind that little garbage car.

Michael: Guy’s a pro.

Announcer: And now, ladies and gentlemen, Michelangelo’s The Creation of Adam.

Narrator: And George Michael made his debut...

Michael: Hey, that’s my... Yikes.

Narrator: ...breaking the pageant’s cardinal rule.

Man in Audience #1: How dare he!

Tobias: Oh, stop booing. There’s nothing wrong with it. There are dozens of us. Dozens!


Narrator: Buster arrived with Lucille Austero and naturally assumed the yells of disgust were directed toward him.

Lucille 2: Buster, what is wrong with you?

Buster: What’s wrong with you?!

Lucille: Buster?

Buster: Oh, God. (Stammering.) I’m sorry, Lucille. (Moans.) Yeah, Lucille. Mom. I’m sorry!

Lucille 2: Man! That old lady has really done a number on you, hasn’t she?

Narrator: But George Michael wasn’t the only problem with the painting.

Woman in Audience #1: Where is God?

Woman in Audience #2: There is no God!

Lindsay: (Scoffs.) There goes my credit card payment.

Scene
Michael: Dad?! Dad! D...! Dad!

George, Sr.: Excuse me.

Michael: Dad! Hey, Dad, get back here!

George, Sr.: No, I’m not going back!

Michael: Dad! Come here. Dad!

G.O.B.: Michael! I’m on to you! The Spanish lessons, the lawyer. If you’re heading for Portugal, it’s due south.

Michael: What? No, it isn’t.

Michael: Dad, you’re not going to outrun me in that dress!

George, Sr.: Come on. Michael, let go!

Michael: Dad!

George, Sr.: For God’s sake, I’m not even wearing a jock.

G.O.B.: Dad, are you going, too?

Michael: No one is going to Portugal, you idiot. Lindsay and I broke Dad out of jail for a day to catch Mom on a date.

George, Sr.: Your mother is on a date?

Michael: Dad! Dad?

Scene
Narrator: And so, many in the Bluth family gathered together for Christmas Eve at prison.

Maeby: Hey, where’d your muscle suit go?

George Michael: Wait, you knew?

Maeby: Yeah.

George Michael: I took it off.

Tobias: You did? You have made some tremendous strides today.

Maeby: You ever get the feeling like you don’t even matter?

Lucille: Only when I’m around my children.

Maeby: You reach a certain age, and you have to practically scream to get noticed.

Lucille: They turn you into a monster, and then they call you one.

Maeby: I don’t think you’re a monster.

Lucille: And I think you’re a lovely girl. You know what? I think you and I ought to spend more time together.

Maeby: Yeah. And that’ll drive them crazy.

Lucille: Exactly.

Scene
Narrator: And Michael was forced to, once again, call in the counsel of Barry Zuckerkorn.

George, Sr.: Thank you. Thank you for coming down on Christmas Eve.

Barry: Oh, it’s like any other day, except that I bill double. So, they’re not filing charges. All right? I got them to call your flee from justice, “religious expression.”

George, Sr.: This is a lawyer.

Michael: Yeah, he’s... he’s very good.

Barry: Oh, and you’re going to have to forfeit that bond. I was way off about that. Can I ask you a question?

George, Sr.: Sure. What?

Barry: Are all the guys in here, you know...?

George, Sr.: Oh, no, no, no, not all of them.

Barry: Yeah, it’s never the one’s you hope.

George, Sr.: Hope?

Barry: Think.

Scene
Lindsay: How’d it go?

Michael: Well, the bad news is, you’re in debt again, and we never busted Mom, and we’re stuck with Barry.

Lindsay: Mm.

Michael: The good news is, we’ve been asked never to participate in the pageant again.

Lindsay: Well, at least we’re still pals, huh?

Michael: Yeah. That’s not really doing it for me this time.

Lindsay: Yeah.



Contents
Act 1
Scene
Scene
Scene
Scene
Scene
Act
Scene
Scene
Scene
Scene
Act
Scene
Scene
Scene
Scene
Scene
Scene
Scene
Act
Scene
The following is the transcript of the Season One episode "My Mother, the Car". Memorable quotes are highlighted below.

"My Mother, the Car" was written by Jay Martin.

Act 1
Narrator: Michael Bluth was fed up with his mother’s extravagant spending.

Michael: Hey, Mom. Remember we had that conversation about trying to cut back on things that aren’t necessities?

Lucille: Like it was yesterday.

Michael: It was this morning, and now I hear that you’ve hired a crew for the yacht? I’m selling that yacht.

Lucille: Michael, you haven’t heard why I want it. To throw the most lavish party this town has ever seen for my birthday.

Michael: I enjoy a bicentennial as much as the next guy, Mom, but we’re not doing that.

Lucille: My neighbor, Lucille Austero, is constantly throwing parties for herself. She’s having another one in a week.

Buster: I’m not going to that.

Flashback
Narrator: Buster had been avoiding Lucille Austero since he accidentally flirted with her while not wearing his glasses. And then accidentally bid on her at a charity bachelorette auction.

Buster: $10,000!

Lucille 2: Buster!

Narrator: And then accidentally entered her apartment thinking it was his mother’s.

Buster: I need you right now.

Lucille 2: Fellas, take a powder.

End flashback
Lucille: Oh, here comes the 10:15 conniption, right on time. Honest to God, Buster, it’s like every little thing makes you seize up in terror lately. I just have no idea where you get that from. Get away from that stove. You’re going to light your hair on fire. He’s weak.

Michael: Speaking of weak, Mom, what do you got in there, gold bars?

Lucille: Protein bars for your father. He’s pumping up in prison.

Michael: No more parties, okay, Mom?

Lucille: You’re my third least favorite child.

Michael: I can live with that.

Scene
Narrator: Michael came home...

G.O.B.: Hey, guy.

Narrator: ...to find his mother’s fourth least favorite child.

G.O.B.: Heard you’re selling the yacht.

Michael: Yeah, I had a couple in there this morning.

G.O.B.: Yeah, I know.

Flashback
G.O.B.: Well, they got the Asian right. “Hotties” might be a stretch. Well, let’s start with the little one.

End flashback
Michael: You’re not staying on the yacht, are you?

G.O.B.: What do you want me to do, Michael, live full-time with Marta?

Michael: Or break up with her. I’m sure there’d be somebody else out there that would appreciate her.

Narrator: In fact, Michael felt that man was himself. He had become infatuated with his brother’s girlfriend, and was having difficulty keeping his love a secret.

Michael: You have 48 hours to vacate the yacht.

Lindsay: Guys? I’ve got a great idea. I want to throw Mom a party.

Michael: Would you...? I just told Mom no more parties.

Lindsay: I know, Michael. That’s why this is the perfect opportunity to throw her a surprise party. She’d never suspect it.

Michael: Is this her suggestion?

Lindsay: No. I just think it’s important to honor your parents.

Michael: Why don’t you start by visiting Dad in jail? You’ve never even been there.

Lindsay: Michael, do you have any idea what would happen if I were to visit prison?

Michael: Mm?

Lindsay: It would be pandemonium.

Michael: Mm-hmm.

Lindsay: It would just give Dad one more reason to think that I’ve got nothing to offer but my looks.

G.O.B.: Yeah, I got some of that. Except he also didn’t like my looks.

Lindsay: Okay, Michael, I will go visit Dad, if you drive Mom to the restaurant for the surprise party.

Michael: I’ll just pretend that I’m taking her out that evening. Come on. That would never happen.

Lindsay: Well, she certainly can’t drive herself. I mean, she’s the world’s worst driver.

Narrator: Lindsay was not exaggerating. Lucille had recently been featured on FOX’s "World’s Worst Drivers".

Michael: I can’t believe she got that driver’s license renewed.

G.O.B.: She didn’t. I dummied her up a new one. Not my best work, though. She wanted to look 48. I nearly airbrushed her into oblivion. Ended up checking “albino” in the form.

Lindsay: Come on, Michael. Who knows how long our parents are going to be around?

Michael: Yeah, well, I got to tell you. I was over at her place today and she looked a little frail to me. She was having trouble even lifting up this bag of groceries. All right, we will do the surprise party.

Maeby: For Gangee?

Michael: Yeah, how did you know?

George Michael: She called and invited us.

Lindsay: Okay, so it was her idea.

Maeby: But we don’t have to go, do we?

Michael: Come on, this is a Bluth family celebration. It’s no place for children.

Scene
Narrator: And Lindsay went to the prison to visit her father for the first time. But didn’t get the reception she was expecting.

George, Sr.: I want to thank you for coming today. It took a lot of guts.

Lindsay: The reason I’m here today is because I felt that I needed to say something.

George, Sr.: Oh, okay.

Lindsay: My whole life, all you’ve ever praised me for is my looks.

George, Sr.: Oh, no, your looks...

Lindsay: Yes, Dad. I mean, it’s always been “Michael’s got the brains, G.O.B.’s got the charm, Buster’s got the...”

George, Sr.: High-fastening pants.

Lindsay: You said that?

George, Sr.: No, I’m saying that now.

Lindsay: So, anyway, look. If you’re wondering why I haven’t visited, maybe it’s because I wanted to be thought of as more than just a beautiful face. And a gorgeous head of hair.

Narrator: Lindsay was surprised, once again, that no heads were turned.

Lindsay: I’m going to go shopping. I’ll be back tomorrow.

Scene
Narrator: George Michael was finally moving beyond his crush on Maeby, and felt happy to have a cousin he could just see a movie with.

Movie Trailer: This movie has not yet been rated.

Movie Trailer: It was a love between two cousins that the world thought was wrong, but it was the world that was wrong...

Cousin: Would you like to play?

George Michael: We have got to see this movie.

Usher: Excuse me, kids. Can I see your IDs?

Scene
Narrator: And Michael was driving his mother to her surprise party.

Lucille: Where on earth are we going? Left at the next corner.

Lucille: You know, Michael...

Michael: Yeah?

Lucille: I’d be happy to drive if you want me to. It’s better than sitting here with Buster’s stupid rock behind me.

Narrator: Buster had recently brought the rock home from an archaeological dig, but had yet to find a way to get it out of the car.

Michael: Mom, you’ve already got two strikes on your record. You strike one more person and it’s technically a spree.

Scene
Lucille: Are we going to the back? Is this what I think it is? Surprise!

Narrator: And she was surprised...

Narrator: ... that her family didn’t show up.

Lucille: So this is what my children think of me.

Act
Television: (Theme to My Mother the Car) ...More fiction than a fact / ’Cause believe it or not, / my mother dear / Decided she’d come back... / as a car

Michael: Where the [bleep] was everybody?

G.O.B.: What are you talking about?

Michael: Mom’s party, where were you guys?

G.O.B.: It’s the first I’ve heard about it.

Michael: What about you? Neiman’s?

Lindsay: Prison. Then Neiman’s. But only because I’m going back to prison, and they’ve already seen me in this.

Michael: Buster? You of all people. Where were you, buddy? You barely even leave Mom’s apartment.

Narrator: In fact, Buster was worried about running into Lucille 2, so he never left his mother’s apartment. Lucille 2 was also supposed to go, but was waiting until she saw Buster emerge.

Michael: Tonight, Mother was humiliated. And I want to throw her another surprise party, a real one, one where she’s not the one that’s yelling “Surprise.”

Lindsay: Mom yelled “surprise”?

Michael: Yeah, she went from giddy to devastated. I mean, it would have been funny if it wasn’t so... No, it was kind of funny.

G.O.B.: What frail act got you this time, Michael? She couldn’t open a jar? What, did a clump of her hair come out in your hand?

Michael: No, it was something that she said at dinner.

Flashback
Lucille: It’s dry.

Michael: You know, Mom, I’m sorry you’re upset, but, you know, if you were nicer then maybe your kids would take better care of you, you know? Or want to be with you more.

Lucille: I’ve been a horrible mother.

Michael: No, Mom, you’re great. You’ve been a great mother.

End flashback
G.O.B.: Well, you know she’s been a horrible mother, right?

Michael: You don’t have to tell me, but what was I going to say? All right, so, it’s a party. I mean, if you’re not going to do it for Mom, do it for me.

Lindsay: Well, okay, but I think a party’s a little excessive.

Buster: Um, is it okay if I do it for Mom and not you?

Michael: Yeah.

Buster: Because I really like Mom.

Michael: We know.

Scene
Narrator: The next day, Buster decided it was time to deal with the situation with Lucille Austero.

Buster: I’ve already got a Lucille in my life.

Lucille 2: I understand. That’s healthy.

Buster: I didn’t, I didn’t mean to lead you on.

Lucille 2: Oh, Buster, I feel so foolish.

Buster: No.

Lucille 2: Yes. I’m foolish and I’m funny and I’m needy. Am I needy?

Buster: No.

Lucille 2: Are you sure I’m not needy? ’Cause I feel needy sometimes.

Buster: No.

Lucille 2: Yeah, really.

Buster: We’re probably not that different, you and me. You and I. Is it “I” or is it “me”?

Lucille 2: Buster, it’s “us.”

Buster: Yes, it is “us.” Us.

Scene
Narrator: Under the pretense of driving his mother somewhere else, Michael once again arrived at the restaurant.

Lucille: Oh, Michael, did you do this again?

Michael: Surprise!

Narrator: And once again, no one showed up.

Scene
Lucille: I told you. They don’t support me.

Michael: Well, I hate to tell you, Mom, but they don’t support me either. You know, I sat down and I told them this was important to me.

Lucille: You did that for me?

Michael: I let you drive, didn’t I?

Lucille: Yes, you did, Michael. And I’m loving it. You’re a good son. You always do things for others. You’re the only one holding this family together.

Michael: And you see a lot more than I give you credit for, Mom. You’re not just concerned with yourself. You care about the family. Hey, is that G.O.B.?

Lucille: It’s an idiot on a scooter at night. It’s got to be G.O.B. Let’s give him a scare.

Michael: Hmm? No, Mom, I don’t think we should.

Lucille: A nice little scare. What are you doing? Hey, big shot! Too busy to go to your mother’s party?!

Michael: Mom, that is not G.O.B. Mom! Mom!

Scene
Paramedic: You okay, sir?

Michael: I... Yeah, I guess. How’s my mom? She’s so frail.

Lucille: I’m fine. I’m fine. I was thrown clear. I only care about you.

Act
Lucille: How are you feeling?

Michael: Actually, my head does not hurt at all.

Michael: What did you give me?

Dr. Miller: Your mother asked me to pump you full of...

Lucille: Children’s aspirin.

Dr. Miller: Okay.

Michael: You know, it’s funny. I remember, um, leaving the restaurant, and then, uh, I was driving, I guess, but I just, I cannot picture it.

Dr. Miller: That’s pretty common, actually. It’s just short-term memory loss from the bump on the back of your head.

Michael: I can’t believe I did this. My insurance rates are going to go through the roof.

Lucille: That’s not what matters now. Here. Get comfortable. Scoot up.

Michael: Scoot. Scooter— was there a scooter involved in...?

Lucille: (Gasping.) I can’t believe I did that. I am so sorry. I’ll get you some air.

Michael: I hardly felt it. In fact, actually, uh, I didn’t feel it. What was that?

Scene
Lucille 2: Buster, do you remember when we were kissing last night?

Buster: It was a wild, wild ride. But is this something we can do? Is this something society will allow?

Lucille 2: I don’t care what other people think. My God, for the first time in years, I felt like I was standing on solid ground.

Buster: You know, my panic attacks have decreased. I feel confident. I’m feeling proud even.

Buster: I mean, for the first time in my life...

Buster: (jumps through glass window)

Lucille 2: I’ll call Dr. Miller.

Scene
Dr. Miller: Oh, excuse me. (Into phone.) Hello. Oh, my God. I’m getting my gauze.

Michael: You know, I should call George Michael. I’m worried about my son.

Lucille: I’m worried about my son. George Michael will be fine with his aunt and uncle. I want you resting, not using the phone. Let me take care of you.

Michael: You know, you really are more generous than I can remember. But that’s what a parent does, huh? You put your kid first.

Lucille: Rest up, sweetie. You gave me quite a scare.

Michael: “Scare.” Did somebody say, “Let’s give him a sc...?”

Lucille: (Gasping.) What is the matter with me? Clumsy Clara.

Michael: Totally cool. Didn’t feel a thing. You know, Mom, I’m crazy about this aspirin. Can’t believe we give it to children.

Scene
Narrator: G.O.B., meanwhile was being visited by Michael’s son, George Michael.

G.O.B.: Michael? George Michael? (Whispering.) You got to go.

Woman on Boat: Where?

George Michael: Uncle G.O.B., is this a bad time?

G.O.B.: No, are you kidding? So, what’s up?

George Michael: I, uh... need you to make some fake IDs for me and Maeby.

G.O.B.: Like a passport?

George Michael: Yeah, yeah, that would be great. Oh, and, uh, preferably French. I like the way they think.

G.O.B.: Look, I don’t want you thinking that your uncle is some sleazy character from the docks.

G.O.B.: Good morning.

Woman on Boat: How are you?

G.O.B.: She’s an Olympian... hopeful. Swimming. I'm coaching. Yes, I will make the IDs for you, but we’re going to have to make this quick. Your dad wants me out of here by noon.

George Michael: I wouldn’t worry about him. He’s staying at Gangee’s. He got in a car accident on the way back from the birthday party.

G.O.B.: I told him not to let her drive.

George Michael: No, it was him driving. She’s taking good care of him, too. She won’t even let him use the phone.

G.O.B.: So, you’re telling me that he can’t go anywhere, and he’s incommunicado.

George Michael: Yup.

Narrator: And that’s when G.O.B. decided to take the yacht to South America for the summer.

G.O.B.: I’ve got to alert this boat’s crew. They’ll be devastated.

Scene
Narrator: Lindsay put on her new outfit and returned to prison. Back at Lucille’s, Michael was still piecing together the accident.

Michael: Hey, Buster.

Buster: Hey, brother.

Michael: Dr. Miller?

Buster: Yeah.

Buster: I just jumped through a plate glass window on a date. (Laughing.)

Michael: Oh. Well, women love to laugh.

Buster: It was worth it to be away from Mom’s controlling grasp.

Lucille: Buster, what’s going on? What happened to your head?

Buster: Nothing. G.O.B. was just teaching me how to hit it with a hammer.

Michael: G.O.B. was there. G.O.B. was on his scooter... (Gasping.) I think I wanted to hit G.O.B.

Lucille: Yes! That is exactly what happened. You wanted to give G.O.B. a scare. I don’t know why.

Michael: I think I do. Thanks, Mom.

Scene
Narrator: George, Sr. was once again being visited by his daughter.

George, Sr.: That’s it. I don’t want... You can’t... I don’t, I, uh, please, you got to stop, uh, coming here.

Lindsay: It is obvious I’m not wearing a bra, right?

George, Sr.: I can’t take this anymore. I, um, uh, I-I’m paying far too big a price for this.

Lindsay: Well, what about me? I mean, this is the third time I’ve come here. I haven’t even been remotely harassed.

George, Sr.: That is not what you I’m paying for.

Lindsay: Have I lost it? Did I ever even have it?

George, Sr.: I’m paying thousands of dollars in Krugerrands.

Lindsay: What?

George, Sr.: Gold Krugerrands. Your mother snuck them in here, stuffed them in energy bar wrappers to keep me from getting strangled in the shower or worse.

Lindsay: Stabbed?

George, Sr.: In a way.

George, Sr.: I use them to pay off the other guys to stop them from hollering obscenities at my... my little girl. But you keep coming back here, honey, and I’m going broke.

Lindsay: That’s all I’ve ever wanted from you, Daddy— for you to spend money on me.

Guard: No touching!

Scene
Michael: G.O.B., I want you to move back onto the yacht.

G.O.B.: The yacht?

Michael: What makes you think I’d want to now? Well, I know that you’ve been looking for...

Michael: What was that?

G.O.B.: I think that was on your end.

Michael: The truth is, I can wait on selling the yacht. It’s just money, right?

G.O.B.: Wow. How hard did you hit that steering wheel?

Michael: I actually hit the back of my head.

G.O.B.: The back of your head?

Michael: Yeah. G.O.B., the accident only happened because I was trying to scare you. Maybe even hurt you.

G.O.B.: That doesn’t sound like you. It sounds like Mom.

Michael: Can we please just lay off Mom for a change? I mean, she’s the one that helped me remember what happened, and trust me, I’m the bad guy here, not her, and definitely not you, so... would you please just take the yacht?

G.O.B.: I’ll think about it. South America sounds good. But a chance to expose Mom... Turn this skiff around.

Captain #2: We haven’t even left the dock.

G.O.B.: But “skiff” is appropriate, right?

Scene
Narrator: G.O.B. rushed to shore to spare his brother from what he was certain were his mother’s machinations.

Michael: What are you doing?

G.O.B.: You’ve been set up.

Lucille: Michael!

G.O.B.: There’s no way that you were trying to hurt me. You don’t hate me. Mom hates me. You kind of like me.

Michael: Yeah, I kind of like you.

Lucille: Michael, stop kidding around!

Michael: Coming. Ow! I got hit back there.

G.O.B.: Right— on the back of the head, which means that you couldn’t have hit the steering wheel. Mom must have clubbed you with a champagne bottle or something, so she could drive.

Lindsay: G.O.B., how did you figure that out?

Michael: No, no, he didn’t figure anything out. I probably got hit on the back of the head because of Buster’s rock.

Flashback
Lucille: Hey, big shot!

End flashback
Michael: Which was behind the passenger seat.

G.O.B.: Which means that she picked you up and dragged you over to the driver’s seat.

Michael: Mom can’t pick me up. She could barely pick up that bag of protein bars.

Lindsay: Guess what? They weren’t protein bars. They were gold Krugerrands, and Dad finally paid attention to my intellect.

Michael: G.O.B., this is nuts. Mother is frail.

Lucille: Stop this nonsense this instant!

G.O.B.: You set him up, Mom. I was halfway to South America, but I couldn’t let you get away with it, because we’re brothers, Mom, and we kind of like each other.

Michael: You were going to South America?

G.O.B.: I don’t think so.

Michael: Mom, you and I were getting along so well. I was thinking so highly of you. How could you make me think this was all my fault?

Lucille: Because if you knew it was my fault, you would have turned against me, and I had finally gotten you on my side. You were sticking up for me. I don’t even remember you ever doing that before. I just want my children to love me.

Michael: Stop lying. Stop manipulating. Just be nicer.

Lucille: What...? All right. I’m a horrible mother.

Lindsay: No, no, Ma, you’re great.

Michael: That’s crazy talk.

Act
Narrator: On the next Arrested Development, George Michael and Maeby sneak back into Les cousins dangereux...

Usher: Excuse me. You’re too young to be holding that ticket.

George Michael: Let’s go. I can’t go to jail.

Maeby: Let’s just watch cartoons.

Usher: Sir, we will not be starting with Les cousins until you leave.

Lucille 2: Excuse me, but I thought my AARP card was good for one and a guest.

Buster: Hey, you know what? I knew that society would never accept this, and they never will.

Scene
Narrator: ... and Michael’s insurance takes another hit.

G.O.B.: Ow!

Michael: I was definitely driving that time.

Act 1
Narrator: Before going to work, Michael decided to have a little fun.

George Michael: What are you doing?

Michael: I’m doing a little cost projection analysis for a mini mall.

George Michael: Wow, that’s pretty cool you know how to do all that stuff.

Michael: Yeah, maybe your old man’s just a little bit cooler than you thought he was, huh? (Grunts.) Ah, stupid, stupid chair. Very stupid chair. But it’s also this stupid model home furniture. Maybe I ought to get myself one of those nice leather chairs from work.

George Michael: People can take chairs home from work?

Michael: Well, not everybody, but I’m the president of the Bluth Company since Dad’s in jail and it’s okay if I take a little something from work, you know?

George Michael: Yeah, but isn’t that why Grandpa’s in jail, because he took things from work?

Michael: You’re a good kid, you know that?

George Michael: I mean, a chair costs money so it’s like stealing and you always say...

Michael: Not stealing. Not. Okay, I’m the one that taught you that stealing is bad, all right? I’m just saying, you know, if I got a leather chair, okay, and I get to lean back... Oh, this one’s gonna hurt.

Lindsay: Leather chair? So, you’re against stealing but skinning cows is cool with you?

Michael: I’m fine, by the way. Frankly, your concern is getting embarrassing. Since when are you against leather?

Maeby: Yeah, you’re not even a vegetarian.

Lindsay: I’m not against the insides. People need meat to survive.

Michael: You are aware that they don’t remove it from the cow surgically, right?

Marta: Hi, Michael.

Michael: Marta. Hi. Hey. It’s Marta. Hey, Marta, everybody. Great to see you.

Marta: I was just looking for G.O.B.

Michael: Well, you’re his girlfriend.

Narrator: Michael wished Marta was his girlfriend, a secret he had only shared with Lindsay.

Marta: Actually, we had a big fight. He thought I was belittling his career, but I never would do that.

Michael: Neither would I. What career?

Marta: The magic?

Michael: Oh, the tricks, the little tricks. Those are great.

Marta: Well, he didn’t like my reaction to his new one.

Flashback
G.O.B.: Real needle, real apple. Real neck.

Amable: He’s a zombie!

Marta: They’re children! How could you do that?

G.O.B.: Oh, sure, first you dump all over it, now you want to know how it’s done.

End flashback


Marta: And I wanted to apologize.

Michael: Well, he hasn’t been here.

Marta: But he said he was staying here. Oh, my God. Maybe he’s staying with another woman.

Michael: No, no, no. No, no, no. No, he is staying here. I just haven’t seen him here... the foyer, or the kitchen.

Marta: Well, that’s a relief.

Michael: Yeah.

Marta: Well, tell him to call me when he gets in.

Michael: I sure will, Marta.

Marta: If you remember.

Michael: I will remember. Yeah. I’ll give him the message though. Okay.

Lindsay: She’s gone.

Michael: Yep. Got it.

Lindsay: You are too nice.

Michael: Oh, come on, what was I supposed to do, tell her that G.O.B. is not staying here? Tell her that G.O.B. is screwing around on her, God knows where he is? Actually, that-that sounded okay.

Lindsay: Nah, you’ll never be able to do it. You’re too good. You’re the-the noble one. The one who never wins.

Michael: I don’t know about that.

Lindsay: The loser.

Michael: Hmm?

Lindsay: The fool.

Scene
Maeby: She is such a hypocrite. Doesn’t it drive you nuts?

George Michael: Crazy. Wait, who is? Which...?

Maeby: My mom. She pretends to care about all these causes.

Cutaway
Narrator: Lindsay had always been celebrated for her wine and cheese charity fund-raisers.

End cutaway
Maeby: I mean, now she’s anti-leather? Let’s see how she feels when her daughter’s pro-leather. You want to go shopping with me? Bet you can get something cool.

Narrator: In fact, George Michael had been trying to prove to Maeby that he was macho after an embarrassing brush with her.

Flashback
Maeby: Your legs look exactly like mine, and I just shaved mine.

George Michael: So, I’m thinking of getting a motorcycle.

End flashback
George Michael: Yeah, I’m gonna need a leather jacket for when I’m on my hog and need to go into a controlled slide.

Tobias: There’s my little girl. I’ve got great news. Daddy has the entire day off.

Maeby: But you have every day off— you don’t have a job.

Tobias: Well, I don’t need money to hang out with my daughter. Where are you going?

Maeby: We’re going shopping.

Tobias: Oh, no, no, I can’t do that.

Scene
Narrator: The next day, Michael was stopped on his way to work.

Rollo: Get in.

Michael: What?

Rollo: If you care about your brother, you’ll get in this car.

Michael: Which brother?

Rollo: G.O.B. Let me be clear. Tell him Rollo wants him to say good-bye to his legs.

Act
Narrator: Michael went looking for G.O.B.

Lucille: I’m so glad you’re here. I want you to help me break up your brother and his girlfriend.

Michael: Well, I’m all for that, we just got to find him first.

Lucille: He’s locked on the balcony.

Michael: Oh, you meant Buster. I thought you were talking about G.O.B.

Lucille: No, I will not have Buster dating my best friend.

Flashback
Narrator: Tension had been high between the two Lucilles since Buster had announced he’d been dating her. Although neither had addressed this, both had given indications of their true feelings.

Buster: Mom, you’re ruining our fort!

End flashback
Lucille: I mean, she’s been a family friend for years. It’s just... creepy.

Michael: Hey, buddy.

Buster: Hey.

Michael: Mom, I think you might be overreacting.

Lucille: She changed him as a baby.

Michael: Okay, that’s about the creepiest thing I’ve ever heard.

Buster: That’s why she didn’t look surprised.


Lucille: You’re the only child who chose a spouse I liked, and she’s the one who had to die.

Michael: I know. That’s rough for you.

Michael: Mom, I’m looking for G.O.B. There’s some people after him and I don’t know whether it’s gambling or what, but, um, they want to break his legs.

Lucille: It’s good thing he’s already got that little scooter. (Laughing.) Oh, don’t give me that look. I happen to be a more caring mother than most.

Buster: Where’s my bed?

Lucille: I put it in storage. I guess you’ll just have to decide which Lucille you want to spend your nights with.

Michael: Okay, before I leave this place for the last time ever, has anyone seen G.O.B.?

Buster: I saw him last night at the Playtime Pizza Theater, on my date. Of which I have another one tonight, and I’m going to continue dating, Mom.

Michael: Sound a little bit like, “dating Mom.”

Buster: It’s starting to feel a little like it.

Michael: Mm.

Scene
Narrator: Lucille decided she needed the help of Buster’s father. Unfortunately, after a recent escape attempt, George Sr. had been put in solitary confinement.

Scene
Narrator: Michael went to find his brother at his latest gig.

G.O.B.: What’s up, Mike?

Michael: Yeah, what are you doing here?

G.O.B.: Can’t get any work, Mike. Magicians’ Alliance has blackballed me from every venue in town.

Michael: Hmm.

G.O.B.: Even my own so-called girlfriend doesn’t believe in me.

Michael: Well, I don’t want to get into that part of your life anymore. Okay, listen, I just came here to tell you that this guy named Rollo pulled me over and made some threats.

G.O.B.: What kind of threats?

Michael: He said to say good-bye to your legs.

Michael: I don’t know whether this guy’s a mobster, a loan shark, something equally scary.

G.O.B.: Magician.

Michael: I think you’re confusing “scary” with “silly.” This guy was frightening. He was in a limo.

G.O.B.: He replaced me in the Alliance. He’s the reason I’ve got to do my act in this hellhole.

Michael: Then why does he want to break your legs?

G.O.B.: He doesn’t want to break my legs. He wants to take my legs.

Michael: I-I don’t...

G.O.B.: The legs. You know, the bottom half of my “Saw the Lady in Half” trick. No, not now! I’m showing him how to do the trick! Two chicks curl up in a box. We call one the head, one the legs.

Kid #1: So that’s how they do it.

G.O.B.: Oh, God, I’ve got to stop giving these things away.

Michael: The top half, though, what do you do about that?

G.O.B.: I just get a volunteer from the crowd.

Michael: Oh, yeah?

G.O.B.: The old top half quit when she found out I was sleeping with the legs. Word really gets around in there.

Michael: So, Rollo wants your legs, but you’re cheating on Marta with those legs. Is that about right?

G.O.B.: Would you give me a break, please. The legs are insanely jealous.

Michael: Is that why you haven’t seen Marta for the past few days? This is all about your love life again, isn’t it? I can’t believe. Just forget it. I came here to try to help you...

G.O.B.: Hey, I appreciate your time.

Michael: Great. Great. You know what, G.O.B., Marta is a once-in-a-lifetime woman. She’s a treasure, and I don’t think you’re showing her enough respect, okay?

G.O.B.: Hey, she doesn’t respect my career.

Scene
Lindsay: He’s having sex with a woman in his act?

Michael: I’ve got to tell Marta what’s going on.

Lindsay: First of all, she’ll hate you for it. It’s called “shoot the messenger.” Secondly, it’s not in your nature. I mean, you’re like, Mr. Morals. You can’t even take a desk chair.

Michael: Damn it. You know, I’m a saint, you know. I’m a living saint and I get absolutely nothing out of it.

Lindsay: Well, you get a false feeling of superiority.

Michael: Yeah, no, that is nice, but this time, it’s not enough. Why do I always have to be the one that has to set the good example for everyone?

George Michael: Guys?

Michael: Oh, that’s why.

Maeby: Hey, Mom.

Lindsay: Hey, honey.

Maeby: Moo.

Lindsay: Mm, moo, honey.

Scene
Tobias: You have to be some sort of she hulk to get this.

George Michael: You’ve just got to really dig.

Tobias: Well, it’s not... enjoy...

Tobias: Oh, Maeby, great news. I got my hands on some money. I can’t say how or when... or where my wedding ring is, but my purse overfloweth, as do my high spirits, so a shopping we must go.

Maeby: Dad, we already went. That’s why we’re wearing all this leather. I’m really into leather. Tell Mom.

Tobias: Yes.

George Michael: If you ever need to borrow any money...

Tobias: No. Thank you, no.

Scene
Narrator: So, Tobias chose to pursue a common interest with his daughter.

Lance: May I help you?

Tobias: Oh, I hope so. Um, I’m looking for something that says, “Dad likes leather.”

Lance: Something that says, “leather daddy”?

Tobias: Oh, is there such a thing?

Scene
Narrator: Later that day, Michael got a surprise visit.

Michael: What are you doing...?

Marta: I was looking for G.O.B. He said he was working here today.

Michael: Oh, yes? Please. He said that, huh? Said that he’s working, huh? Wow. Here? What else did he say? Did he tell you that I gave him your message? Not that I’m the messenger, you know. I don’t mean...

Marta: He told me. I don’t know what you said to him, but it really turned him around. He said I was a treasure.

Michael: She’s a treasure.

Marta: And a once-in-a-lifetime woman.

Michael: Mm-hmm. Listen, Marta, G.O.B. is... a poet. He’s touched. I’m going to tell him that you stopped by and, uh, you have a nice day.

Marta: Thank you. You’re such a good brother. Always trying to help him.

Michael: Mm.

Marta: He showed me the watch you gave him.

Michael: The watch...?

Flashback
G.O.B.: I appreciate your time.

End flashback
Narrator: And so for the first time, Michael set a plan in motion to take something that didn’t belong to him.

Michael: You know, I was thinking, I’d like to help you guys out one more time. You know what you should do? You should surprise G.O.B. on stage. I know that he’s looking for a new assistant.

Marta: Really?

Michael: Mm-hmm.

Marta: Could you help me with that?

Michael: Yes.

Marta: You really are a good guy, Michael.

Michael: Well, you can’t change who you are.

Act
Narrator: So Michael went to the popular magic parlor, The Gothic Castle, to ask a favor of Rollo.

Michael: I was wondering if, uh... if you would give my brother a show. One more chance to get back in with The Alliance. That’s all I ask. And-and you will get your legs back.

Rollo: How?

Michael: You’re asking me to reveal my trick.

Scene
Narrator: And Michael went to give his brother the good news.

G.O.B.: Really? Tomorrow night?

Michael: Yeah. You just got to make sure you do the sawing-in-half trick.

G.O.B.: I don’t even have a top half.

Michael: Don’t worry about that. I got someone I want you to use. She’s perfect. A great girl. You’re actually doing me a favor.

G.O.B.: Has she got big cans?

Michael: I’ll see you there, G.O.B.

G.O.B.: You’re a good brother, Michael.

Scene
Lindsay: You’re a horrible brother, Michael.

Michael: Pretty good, huh?

Lindsay: You’re going to put Marta on stage with the legs.

Michael: It’s going to blow up. Legs get upset, Marta gets upset, Marta leaves G.O.B., and I don’t get shot.

Lindsay: You’ll never be able to pull the trigger on this. You can’t escape it, Michael. You’re the good guy.

Michael: Call me what you want...

Lindsay: An impotent man-boy.

Michael: But it is done. The plan is in motion.

Lindsay: This just isn’t you.

Michael: It’s me now. It’s the me that can recline.

Lindsay: Did that hurt?

Michael: No.

Scene
Maeby: Stuff’s kind of hot, isn’t it?

George Michael: I didn’t notice.

Tobias: Hey, gang. Mind if I squeeze in here for a moment? Oh. Look at us. Who’d want to mess with any of us, huh?

George Michael: Excuse me.

Tobias: Yes. Oop.

Maeby: Did you get a job or something?

Tobias: No. No, I didn’t. Unless you consider, world’s coolest daddy a job.

Tobias: If I... (coughing, grunts.)

Scene
George Michael: Hey, Dad.

Michael: Hey, buddy. You’re still wearing that jacket, huh?

George Michael: Yeah. I was just going for a new look.

Michael: Yeah?

George Michael: Trying to introduce some edge to the whole palette.

Michael: Hmm. Kind of liked you the way you were.

George Michael: You did?

Michael: Yeah. I mean, we can’t really change who we are anyway, right?

George Michael: I wish you’d told me that before I threw away my windbreaker. Oh, you bought a chair.

Michael: Uh, no. Actually, uh, I borrowed it, like we talked about.

George Michael: Well, I thought we decided that was like stealing.

Michael: Is that where we landed on that?

Scene
Narrator: As Michael was becoming more selfish, his father was choosing a more pious path. Which made Buster and Lucille’s visit go much differently than planned.

Lucille: Why is there a piece of shoe on your head?

George, Sr.: This is a... Well, it’s a reminder that the divine presence is always above me.

Lucille: Well, more importantly, Buster’s been humping the widow Austero.

Buster: Mom...

George, Sr.: Is that true?

Buster: No. We’re taking it slow.

Lucille: He stays there sometimes until 7:00, 8:00 at night. Peanut brittle on his breath. Is she the one who’s going to take him to the dentist?

Buster: She already has.

George, Sr.: (mumbling) Ehh... Liebenofstier...

Buster: What?

George, Sr.: May you live. May you be well. I give you my blessing.

Buster: Wow!

Lucille: Are you out of your mind?

George, Sr.: Yeah, just follow the heart that God gave you, hmm?

Guard #2: No touching. No...

George, Sr.: Can you get me some of that peanut brittle?

Act
Narrator: On the night of the show, the family arrived at the Gothic Castle, and in the green room, Michael was preparing Marta for the trick.

Michael: ...at the bottom of the box, and-and and you two guys are free to talk. (To G.O.B.) Okay, G.O.B., G.O.B., G.O.B.

Scene
G.O.B.: What is going on? Where is the top half? I have to teach her this trick. She’s got to fold her knees.

Michael: It’s a fantastic trick. I don’t want you to worry, though. I’ve already told her. Now, where are the legs? Are they running late?

G.O.B.: So, is everyone here?

Michael: I think so. I haven’t seen Tobias.

Scene
Narrator: In fact, Tobias had intended to come, but had a slight miscommunication with his cab driver...

Cab Driver: (Cockney accent.) Where to, mate?

Tobias: The Gothic Castle.

Cab Driver: Gothic Asshole?

Tobias: That’s what I said.

Narrator: ... and ended up at the wrong location.

Tobias: Well, I am glad I didn’t go with that outfit. Yes, hello. I am looking for the magic. Danke schon.

Scene
Lucille 2: Oh, hello, Lucille.

Lucille: Hello, Lucille. Having a good time with my son?

Lucille 2: Actually, we’re having a wonderful time.

Lucille: You know, he’s damaged goods. He was born with a hole in his heart.

Lucille 2: Listen to me, Lucille, I’m going to fill that hole, ’cause we’re in love.

Lucille: Oh, please. You’re no more in love with him than I am.

Buster: Okay, we’re all saying some things we’re going to regret.

Scene
Narrator: Meanwhile, G.O.B. was almost ready to begin his show.

G.O.B.: Okay, it’s magic time.

Michael: Hey, good luck out there now.

G.O.B.: Hey, listen, I got you something for being such a good guy. Not that it’s a surprise. You always are.

Michael: Oh, well, uh... My watch.

G.O.B.: I want you to have it.

Michael: Well, you’ve stolen so many things from me over the years. This is the first time you’ve ever given something back.

G.O.B.: I want to try to be a better brother. Like you are to me.

Stage Hand: We’re ready for you.

Michael: G.O.B.? Have a good show out there.

Man: Ladies and gentlemen, a magician named “Gahb.”

Scene
George Michael: Dad?

Michael: Hey, George Michael. Where’s the leather jacket?

George Michael: It’s like you said. You can’t change who you are. So what? So I don’t have any hair on my arms or legs. So what? You know, a leather jacket’s not going to change that. You know, I was trying to act like a tough guy, and it’s wrong. I’m just a boring, old nice guy like you.

Michael: I’m not that nice.

George Michael: Yeah, and if this is about the chair, I’ve been thinking. You deserve it. You know, it’s not like you’d ever steal something big.

Narrator: Michael was having second thoughts about his plan, but then got some unexpected help.

Stage Hand: Hey, I’m sorry to interrupt. You better tell “Gahb” the legs aren’t coming.

Michael: Oh, my God.

Marta: I can’t believe the legs would screw him like this. This is his one last chance. They’ll never let him in The Alliance again. You have to do something. This is so important to me and G.O.B.

Michael: Where am I going to get a pair of beautiful women’s legs on such short notice?

Scene
Narrator: So, the trick went forward as planned.

G.O.B.: And now, my hopefully lovely assistant will join me.

G.O.B.: Wiggle those sexy gams, lady.

George Michael: I’m okay with myself, I’m okay with myself. I’m okay...

Buster: Oh.

Scene
G.O.B.: Mom, did you see it? I’m back in. I’ve got the career back. Oh! Thank you for coming.

Narrator: And when Lucille noticed how happy Marta had made G.O.B., she realized how important love was to her children.

Buster: Mom?

Lucille: Hello, Buster.

Buster: If you’re still mad, I don’t care. I’m in love.

Lucille: I actually came to ask Lucille something.

Lucille 2: What?

Lucille: I was wondering if you’d like to play bridge with me next week.

Lucille 2: Oh. I’d absolutely adore it. Oh, Lucille. Oh, God. Look at us, Buster. We’re back together again. Lucille and Lucille.

Buster: You guys are friends again. Play bridge together. Could you just... just separate?

Scene
Narrator: Michael watched as the brother he swore to stop helping enjoyed the girlfriend he helped him reunite with. And so, he returned to work, accepting the fact that he was a good guy. But not as good as everyone thought.

Michael: This really worked better with the chair.

Act
Narrator: On the next Arrested Development, the Alliance decides to let G.O.B. back in.

Rollo: Tell me, how did you get two Alliance-approved assistants with such short notice?

G.O.B.: Oh, that was just my girlfriend and my nephew.

Rollo: Well, you’re out.

Scene
Narrator: And Tobias gets some good news.

Tobias: I got a gig.

Scene
Barbershop quartet: There’s where my heart is turning ever, there’s where the old folks stay...

Act 1
Narrator: Michael Bluth was talking to his son about his latest test.

Michael: A minus, huh?

George Michael: Proud of me?

Michael: Very proud. Minus. Better go hit the books. Get up there.

Maeby: “C minus.” C m-i-n-e-s.

Lindsay: Did you even study?

Maeby: No, I didn’t.

Lindsay: Wow. How impressive is that?

Michael: Well, the bar for the refrigerator has been lowered.

Lindsay: Oh, grades are meaningless. Maeby’s last school didn’t even have them.

Narrator: Back in Boston, Maeby’s parents had enrolled her in a progressive school with its own system of evaluation.

Michael: All I’m saying, Lindsay, is that you know, you might want to push her a little bit because a kid without discipline can get into some pretty tough stuff.

Lindsay: So you think she’s going to suddenly turn to drugs because she got a C plus?

Michael: Minus. And yes, I think that without boundaries, a kid can get into trouble, and yeah, sometimes that can mean drugs.

Lindsay: Well, I think stress is what leads to trouble. You know the kind you put on George Michael, even when he gets an A?

Michael: Minus. And an A gets him ice cream. He knows that.

Lindsay: See, you’re as bad as Dad with his ridiculous lessons.

Narrator: George, Sr. had used his considerable means to stage intricate scenarios, to teach his children what he considered valuable life lessons.

George, Sr.: I need help.

J. Walter Weatherman: I’ll get my gear.

Narrator: Typically, these scenarios would involve a man named J. Walter Weatherman, a one-time employee who lost his arm in a Bluth Company construction accident.

Young G.O.B.: Why are you hitting yourself? Why are you hitting yourself?

George, Sr.: We’re out of milk. I could have got it earlier if someone would have left a note.

George, Sr.: Oh.

George, Sr.: Why?! If someone had left a note, this innocent man would still have his arm! Why?!

J. Walter Weatherman: And that’s why you always leave a note.

Michael: Well, those lessons worked, didn’t they? I mean, we still leave notes to this day.

Lindsay: Oh, that’s what that was about. I thought he was trying to get us off of dairy.

G.O.B.: I need a favor.

Michael: What happened to “Hello. I need a favor”?

G.O.B.: I owe Hot Cops 500 bucks.

Michael: Hot Cops?

G.O.B.: It’s the stripping agency I used to work for. Cop uniform?

Michael: Right.

G.O.B.: You know, I might’ve been a little too believable.

Flashback.
G.O.B.: Police! Open up!

End flashback
G.O.B.: Anyway, they’re claiming that I never delivered on the gig.

Michael: I’m not an ATM.

G.O.B.: Oh, Michael. I keep forgetting how hilarious you are.

Michael: Shh. Shh. You’re making it worse.

G.O.B.: Am I?

Michael: I tell you what. I’m going to give you the cash, but in return, I get to ask you for a favor sometime.

G.O.B.: My gut is telling me no. But my gut is also very hungry.

G.O.B.: All right. I’ll do it.

Narrator: Michael then left for his mother’s apartment, where she greeted him with some not-so-surprising news.

Lucille: I need a favor.

Michael: We ought to put that on our family crest.

Lucille: (Laughing.) Michael.

Michael: Spare me.

Lucille: The SEC is making me inventory everything I own. They want me to prove no new purchases have been made with company money.

Michael: And there haven’t been, right?

Lucille: Not after we doctor all these receipts.

Michael: I can’t help you, Mom. I’ve got a job. I’ve got to make some money so you can buy more things and destroy the evidence.

Lucille: You’re right. I’ll ask Lindsay.

Michael: Hey, Buster.

Buster: Hey, brother.

Michael: You headed over to your girlfriend’s?

Buster: Yeah. She’s down again.

Narrator: Buster’s girlfriend Lucille Austero, suffers from chronic vertigo, which she has been trying to fight without the use of medication.

Buster: And her nausea’s gotten really bad too. It’s really been difficult on us. It’s definitely taking its toll.

Michael: Well, you know, you’re free to go, pal. It’s not like you made a commitment to this woman.

Buster: Well, I didn’t make a commitment... I did refer to it as our nausea. But you know, that’s when we were going at it really hot and heavy.

Michael: Well, now it’s my nausea.

Narrator: Later, Lucille stopped by the model home to enlist her daughter’s help cataloging her valuables.

Lindsay: I can’t.

Lucille: Why not?

Lindsay: Because I’m... Don’t want to.

Lindsay: Well, maybe I don’t feel like being criticized around the clock.

Lucille: I don’t criticize you. And if you’re worried about criticism, sometimes a diet is the best defense.

Maeby: Oh, hey, Gangee.

Lucille: Hi.

Maeby: D plus. Sign this.

Lindsay: This is a D minus.

Maeby: Well, either way, it’s above a D right?

Lucille: Another worldbeater.

Narrator: And Lindsay realized she needed to take a firmer hand with her daughter.

Lindsay: I’m not signing this.

Maeby: Fine, I will. Is Lindsay with an “A” or an "E"?

Lindsay: Okay, look. I know you got a crocodile in spelling, but this has gone too far.

Lindsay: I hate to say it, but Michael might be right. You need to learn a little discipline.

Maeby: Hmm. Nope. That doesn’t feel right.

Lindsay: No, no, no. I am telling you.

Lindsay: You are now punished. I punish thee.

Maeby: Are you serious? What could you possibly come up with that would punish me?

Lindsay: Oh, I have to come up with another thing?

Lucille: Oh, Lindsay? Before I go, I just have one word for you. Sleeves.

Lindsay: You’re going to spend the day working for your grandmother.

George Michael: No. No, that’s not the answer. What? No. You stupid jerk. Why don’t you... Dumb. Dumb. George Michael. Dumb. Dumb.

Michael: Whoa! Whoa! Calm down, you two. It’s just a math problem.

George Michael: Yeah. But if I fail math, there goes my chance at a good job and a happy life full of hard work, like you always say.

Michael: Maybe I’m pushing you too hard. You’re all stressed out. Your eyes are all red. Why don’t you take the night off. Just shut the book. Go ahead. Just close the book. Go ahead.

Michael: Your finger is still in the book. George Michael.

Narrator: Buster, meanwhile, was still worried about Lucille 2, whose condition seemed to be worsening.

Buster: You okay? How is your nausea?

Lucille 2: Our.

Buster: I mean, our, our nausea.

Narrator: He remembered a study he took part in on medical marijuana and its effects on nausea.

Narrator: The subjects took the drug in the form of a THC pill. Nausea was then induced with a day at the carnival, which is what attracted Buster to the experiment in the first place. Buster was found two days later trying to eat his way through this enormous plaster donut.

Narrator: So Buster went to the toughest, most streetwise kid he knew.

George Michael: Enjoy. Tell your friends.

Buster: Hey, nephew. I was looking for you at your home.

George Michael: Oh, yeah. Dad told me to take the day off so I decided to come in to work.

Buster: Oh! So I thought maybe you could help me get some weed. It’s not for me. It’s for Lucille 2, my girlfriend.

George Michael: She’s your girlfriend? Dad said you were her nurse.

Buster: Look, she’s sick. This could help her.

Buster: Pill form would actually be fantastic because I could put it on a little tea biscuit and I could just tell her it’s a marshmallow.

George Michael: Look. I have no idea where to get something like that, okay? What makes you think I would?

Buster: Well, you work here. This place is pot central, right?

Narrator: In the ’70s, the Boardwalk was the place to buy marijuana in Newport Beach. The stand served as a convenient meeting place because of the banana’s resemblance to a yellow marijuana cigarette. It had even inspired a song.

Music: / A Big Yellow Joint, a Big Yellow Joint / / I’ll meet you down at the Big Yellow Joint... /

George Michael: Look, I’m sorry. I can’t help you, okay? Why don’t you just ask Uncle G.O.B.?

Young G.O.B.: Why are you hitting yourself? Why are you hitting yourself?

Buster: No. No. He’d never do it. Besides, he always makes fun of me for dating Lucille. Everybody does.

George Michael: That's horrible.

Buster: Look, maybe you could tell G.O.B. for me. But you can’t tell him it’s for me.

George Michael: I’m working.

Buster: You can’t tell anybody.

Michael: George Michael!

George Michael: Oh. Hey!

Michael: What are you doing here? I thought I told you to take the day off.

George Michael: Yeah. But there’s nothing to do. I mean, Maeby’s at Gangee’s...

Michael: Find something to do. Go make mistakes. Get in trouble. Be young.

Buster: Yes. I totally agree. Make a mistake.

Michael: Now here. Here’s 20 bucks. I want you to close up shop and go crazy. Go find yourself something to buy that you don’t need.

Buster: Absolutely. Here. Take $225 from me.

Act
Narrator: Maeby, meanwhile, was working with her grandmother.

Lucille: And this is from when your Pop-Pop yelled out “Oh, Melanie!” when he was making love to Gangee.

Maeby: This is so much fun. I can’t believe my mom thought being here would be a punishment.

Lucille: Oh, she thinks I’m too critical. That’s another fault of hers.

Lucille: Ah, yes. The week we had the au pair. You know, your mother always wanted this brooch.

Maeby: Really?

Lucille: Do you want it?

Maeby: I do now. That’ll show her for trying to punish me.

Lucille: Oh, pretty. It’ll distract from the freckles.

Narrator: George Michael nervously approached the family yacht G.O.B. had been staying on.

George Michael: Uncle G.O.B.?

Narrator: When he saw the yacht was empty, George Michael, as he’d been trained to do since childhood, left a note for his uncle. Back at the model home, G.O.B. showed Michael the note he’d found at the dock.

Michael: Oh, no. This can’t be from my son.

G.O.B.: Well, it is his handwriting. Plus he left me $200. $100. 100— I accidentally said 200.

Michael: This is impossible. Why would he do this?

G.O.B.: I know. You know? I was shocked. I mean, really, $100. You can’t get good weed for a hundred bucks. Anyway. Here you go. Now we are even on you paying off that Hot Cops thing. Might just be a few stems... but it should be pretty good.

Michael: Get that the hell out of this house! What’s the matter with you?

G.O.B.: Maybe you should save the lectures for your son. If he can remember them.

Michael: Man, I speak to Lindsay one time about her stupid hippie parenting and I end up with a hippie.

G.O.B.: Yeah. It does seem pretty quick.

Michael: For all I know, this has been going on forever. You know, he’s been stressed. His eyes have been red. His grades are dropping.

G.O.B.: I heard about the A minus.

Michael: All right, I’m going to go find out what’s going on.

George Michael: Hey.

Michael: Hey, what are you doing?

George Michael: Nothing.

Michael: No? So, uh, listen.

Michael: Your Uncle G.O.B. seems to think that he saw you down at the docks today. Was that you?

George Michael: No. No. Maybe it was the other George Michael. You know, the singer-songwriter.

Michael: Yeah, that makes sense.

George Michael: Yeah.

Michael: What did you do with the, uh... the money that Buster and I gave you to go have fun with?

George Michael: I put that in my savings account.

Michael: Is that right?

George Michael: Yeah. Save up.

Michael: Okay. Thanks for being honest. (To G.O.B.) He’s lying to me. Can you believe that? Where the hell is this family’s morality?

G.O.B.: I don’t know.

Michael: What?

G.O.B.: It’s cold out here.

Michael: So what do I do now? If I confront him, he’s just going to lie to me again. Should I yell at him?

G.O.B.: Didn’t Dad teach us that we don’t yell in this family?

Young G.O.B.: Why ain’t you getting up, Buster?!

J. Walter Weatherman: Tell me before you hit the gas!

George, Sr.: I can’t hear you! The kids are yelling.

J. Walter Weatherman: Tell me before you hit the gas!

George, Sr.: I guess you’re saying... “Hit the gas.”

J. Walter Weatherman: No, wait! No. No! Ah! Ah! My arm! Ah!

J. Walter Weatherman: That’s why you don’t yell.

Michael: Yeah, yelling is not a good way to go. I got a better idea.

George, Sr.: You want to teach George Michael a lesson?

Michael: Yes, I do. And it’s got to stick. He’s getting into drugs, Dad, and he’s lying to me.

George, Sr.: That doesn’t sound like the boy.

Michael: I know it. I know it, but it’s my fault. I’ve been pushing him too hard. It’s just dumb. Dumb. Dumb. Michael. Dumb.

George, Sr.: Hey, hey. Shh. I forgive you.

Michael: I don’t want your forgiveness, Dad. I want the guy with the one arm and the fake blood. J. Walter Weatherman. How do I get ahold of him?

George, Sr.: Uh, he’s, uh, dead. You killed him when you left the door open with the air conditioner running.

Michael: For God’s sakes, Dad. He’s not dead. Listen, I need to do this soon. Down by the docks, I’m going to make it look like a drug deal went bad or something.

George, Sr.: Tonight? No, it’s Yontif, the first night of Yom Kippur.

Michael: Dad, that’s just one night, and it’s back in September. That’s okay. You’ve only been a Jew for about two days.

George, Sr.: Just try to talk to him.

Michael: Like you talked to me when I was growing up?

George, Sr.: I thought you hated those lessons.

Michael: I did, but they worked, and they will work again.

George, Sr.: Well, I’m done with them. Because it was wrong, Michael.

Michael: Come on.

George, Sr.: Your son is a timid, thoughtful boy. He’s a scholar like his grandfather.

George, Sr.: What time is it? Oh, almost sundown. I have to prepare for the Sabbath.

Michael: It’s Tuesday.

George, Sr.: Shh.

Narrator: Lindsay went to see how her own attempt at parental discipline was coming along.

Lindsay: So, having fun? Where’d you get that brooch?

Maeby: Gangee. Nice, huh?

Lindsay: That was supposed to be for me. She was my au pair. I’m the one who cleared my throat and pointed to the laundry room. Ma! You know I wanted that.

Lucille: I know. But it’s an elephant. And I didn’t want to invite the comparison.

Lindsay: Nice.

Lindsay: In any event, your punishment is over. Come on, Maeby. Let’s go.

Lucille: She’s not going anywhere. We’re having fun. Here, Maeby, try this on.

Lindsay: I see. Fine. I was going to take her out for ice cream, but if you’d rather stay here. Well, that’s just fine with me.

Maeby: Well, we can go get some ice cream, Gangee. That would be fun, right?

Lucille: I don’t think so. That chubby little wrist of yours is testing the tensile strength of this bracelet as it is.

Narrator: Maeby decided that perhaps she’d had enough of her grandmother.

Lucille: Maeby. Maeby?

Michael: Hey, G.O.B. It’s Michael. Listen, I figured out a way for you to repay that favor. Dad wouldn’t help me teach George Michael the lesson, so I need your help and your Hot Cop friends. I want to fake a drug bust.

G.O.B.: Michael, these guys are real dancers. You know, they’ve never done any “hot” policing.

Michael: Well, they don’t even need to be hot. They just need to show up in those uniforms.

Narrator: And so Michael’s plan was put into motion.

Buster: Where have you been? I am like a caged animal. My old lady’s on the floor, man. I am not essing around.

George Michael: Yeah. G.O.B. just called. He’s got the stuff at the yacht.

Buster: Great. Let’s go.

George Michael: No. No. I think my dad’s on to this. I’m out. I’m not...

Buster: Whoa! Whoa! Come on. G.O.B. will never give it to me. My woman is sick. Please.

Narrator: Later that night, Michael made the final arrangements with G.O.B.

Michael: All right, G.O.B., is this gonna be believable? I want him scared. I love this kid.

G.O.B.: These guys are pros, Michael. They’re gonna push the tension till the last possible moment before they strip.

Michael: They’re not going to strip, are they?

G.O.B.: I told them not to, but I can’t promise that their instincts won’t kick in.

G.O.B.: Anyway, trust me, it’s gonna be totally real, all right? This kind of thing goes on all the time out here. Boats wait offshore, lights are flashed, a guy comes over and drops off a bag. It’s gonna freak the little bastard out.

Narrator: Michael went off to hide, while nearby, Buster and George Michael arrived as planned.

Buster: I really appreciate you doing this for me. You’re making a very miserable person happy.

George Michael: She really feels awful, huh?

Buster: Oh, I was talking about me. But yeah, she’s a mess. Be careful.

George Michael: Uncle G.O.B.?

G.O.B.: George Michael. You weren’t followed, were you?

George Michael: No, I don’t think so.

G.O.B.: All right, kid... let’s deal some drugs.

George Michael: What are you doing?

G.O.B.: Flashing the lights. So the dealer knows what’s going down. Now we wait.

George Michael: How long?

G.O.B.: Who knows? An hour... maybe five.

Derek: Drug delivery. You wanted some marijuana?

G.O.B.: No, uh, not me— my nephew did.

Derek: Show me the money.

G.O.B.: Show us the pot.

Derek: I got it right here.

George Michael: Oh, my God.

Derek: Nice, right?

G.O.B.: Okay, you can put your shirt down, Derek. Just give him the stuff. (Loudly.) So... we have a deal.

Derek: (Loudly.) We have a deal.

Marcus: He’s ruining his life!

Hot Cop #2: Freeze! Police officers! Freeze!

G.O.B.: What? Oh, no! It’s the cops! Oh! And a construction worker.

Hot Cop #3: Let’s get this party started.

G.O.B.: Aren’t you guys gonna cuff him?

Hot Cop #3: You wanted handcuffs?

Michael: All right, George Michael... hope you learned your lesson, pal.

All: Yeah! Yeah!

Michael: Okay, all right, thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

George Michael: What is this?

Michael: This is a lesson, and maybe I pushed you into this, but... I love you too much to see you ruin your life with that crap.

George Michael: But it wasn’t for me.

Michael: Then who was it for? Who? Give me a name.

George Michael: Okay, it was for me. Yeah. I was gonna smoke the marijuana like a cigarette.

Michael: Well, now you’re looking at a nice, big, fat punishment.

Buster: I’m sorry. Excuse me. I’m sorry. Ooh!

Michael: What are you doing here?

Buster: The, uh... the boy was looking out for me.

G.O.B.: What?

Buster: It-it’s for my girlfriend. She’s sick.

G.O.B.: Why don’t you just wait it out? She’s gonna be gone soon.

Buster: Oh, that’s it. Why are you hitting yourself? Why are you hitting yourself? Why are you hitting yourself?

Michael: Hey! Hey! Hey!

Buster: Why are you hitting yourself? Why are you hitting yourself?

Michael: What’s the matter with you? Easy. Is that true? Why didn’t you tell me this?

George Michael: Well, you’re always telling me to do the right thing. Family first.

Michael: You know, it is unbelievable that you’d ask my son to score you pot. Why don’t you drive him home, and you and I will talk about this later. Go ahead. Go with Buster.

George Michael: I’m sorry.

Michael: Hey. What are you guys doing?

Drug Dealer: We got your signal. You flashed the lights. We got the drugs. You got the money?

Michael: No, no. No, no, no, no, no, no. We’re all good.

Drug Dealer: We just want the money. You want to make this ugly?

G.O.B.: We were just teaching the young fellow a lesson. We don’t want any trouble with you, governor. Thanks very much.

Drug Dealer: You know who you’re dealing with?

Police: (Over loudspeaker.) Drop the boxes!

Police: Put your hands in the air.

Drug Dealer: What is this?

G.O.B.: We had nothing to do with this!

Drug Dealer: You set us up!

G.O.B.: No! These are just strippers! Look how hot they are!

Michael: Everybody take a breath!

J. Walter Weatherman: Oh my God, my arm!

Michael: Oh, my God, this guy’s arm! Just... came off and landed on the dock.

Narrator: Michael realized that his father had, once again, taught him an elaborate lesson.

J. Walter Weatherman: And that’s why you don’t teach lessons to your son.

Michael: How could you do that to me?

George, Sr.: I told you, he’s a good kid. You should try talking to him when you think he’s in trouble. Don’t make the same mistake I did, you know, teaching lessons.

Michael: So you taught me a lesson not to teach lessons?

George, Sr.: (Sighs.) It was my last lesson.

Narrator: Back at the model home...

Lindsay: Back from your wonderful time with Gangee?

Maeby: Well, actually, it wasn’t so wonderful. She could be kind of nasty. But I’ll tell you something. I’m glad you’re my mom. Oh, um, I got you something.

Lindsay: You’re giving me this?

Maeby: You deserve it. I can’t believe you have to put up with her your whole life.

Lindsay: Honey... Oh, this is so sweet. Let’s sell it and go shopping.

Michael: You knew the whole time, didn’t you?

George Michael: Kind of. One of the Hot Cops is my choir teacher.

Michael: Buddy, I’m sorry about all this. It’s just, you know, you were so stressed out, and I guess I got scared. I should probably learn to talk with you a little bit more.

George Michael: Well, I think we’re okay.

Michael: We are. I mean, you know that there’s nothing that you can’t be totally honest with me about. I mean, you could say anything to me, you know? Anything at all.

George Michael: Like, say I had a crush on my own cousin.

Michael: Hey. (Laughs.) You just taught me a lesson. All right, we’re even.

Act 1
Narrator: Michael Bluth was taking his son to an interview at the prestigious Milford School, an institution once famous for its credo that children should be neither seen nor heard.

Child at Milford School: Woman.

Michael: (Whispers.) They’re not getting in.

George Michael: But, Dad, you know, I might not get in, either, and that wouldn’t be the end of the world.

Michael: We’re not even going down that road, okay. The next four years are all about your future, and that’s the most important thing to me, okay?

Scene
Charles Milford: Things have changed around here. We have talking sessions throughout the day. We even have a talking room where students are encouraged to go in and talk to their heart’s content.

George Michael: Sounds like fun.

Michael: First thing he’s said all day.

Charles Milford: The point is, I am not my father, but I do think it’s best for the Milford School to... distance itself from the Bluth name. It’s... it’s nothing personal.

Michael: Are you talking about the fact that my father is in jail? Because I don’t like to be compared to my father, either.

George Michael: I don’t mind being compared to my father.

Michael: Save it for the talk room, son.

George Michael: Sorry.

Michael: I can assure you that my family is back on track and no longer in any trouble.

Charles Milford: Not according to today’s paper.

Michael: Oh, God, what have we done this time?

Scene
Lucille: Don’t ever mention Klimpy’s to me again.

Michael: What did you do?

Lucille: If I still had money, I’d buy a Klimpy’s just to burn it to the ground.

Michael: I know, Mom. You hate Klimpy’s. Tell me what happened.

Lucille: Well, your sister and I tried to get into that new restaurant, Rud, and they wouldn’t let us in.

Flashback
Hostess: Mrs. Bluth, there’s absolutely no room.

Lindsay: Come on. I’ve suddenly lost my appetite.

Lucille: Oh, who’s going to believe that?

Scene
Narrator: With her blood sugar at a perilous low, Lucille made Lindsay pull into the nearest restaurant.

Loretta: Welcome to Klimpy’s. Anywhere you like.

Lucille: This does not bode well.

Lucille: I’ll have the Ike and Tina tuna.

Loretta: Plate or platter?

Lucille: I don’t understand the question, and I won’t respond to it.

Loretta: And what would you like?

Lindsay: I’d like my old life back.

End flashback
Michael: So there really was no fight.

Lucille: Well, one tiny thing at the end.

Flashback
Lindsay: (Sobbing.) How can you treat me this way?!

Lucille: Oh, please! Everything I’ve said about you can be covered with makeup and a lie about a thyroid problem. Good grief almighty! You think I’m enjoying my slide into poverty?

Lucille: Sorry, Lindsay. There goes your dessert.

Lindsay: Why don’t you eat it, Mother! Why don’t you just take this cake and shove it... Hey, who called the cops?

End flashback
Lucille: It was all just a big misunderstanding.

Lindsay: Totally blown out of proportion.

Michael: Well, listen, just so you know, I think it cost George Michael a chance to go to the Milford School.

Lucille: Oh, big deal. Buster’s the only one who ever liked it.

Narrator: Buster so excelled at being neither seen nor heard that he remained at the school, undetected, for a full two semesters after he was supposed to graduate.

Michael: Nonetheless, Mother, I think this bad press is starting to taint my son’s future, and we’ve got to put an end to it.

Lindsay: Michael, if this is a lecture on how we’re all supposed to whatever, and blah, blah, blah, well, you can save it, ’cause we all know it by heart.

Lupe: Good-bye, missus.

Michael: Well, then, Lindsay, you’ll be happy to know that I have a new idea.

Michael: I met a publicist today. I’m going to hire her. We need somebody to make us look good.

Lucille: And I say it’s a waste of money. We’re-we’re plenty sympathetic as we are. Is this your onion?

Lupe: Yes.

Lucille: What’s in the foil?

Lupe: Nothing. It’s a ball of foil for my son.

Lucille: Have a great day, sweetie.

Michael: I don’t know how she can’t.

Lindsay: So, this publicist, Michael, is she cute?

Michael: I never really noticed.

Flashbacks
Narrator: In fact, Michael had noticed her at the gym, but only recently gotten up the nerve to talk to her, giving him a chance to work on his flirting skills...

Jessie: Race you to the top of the hill.

Narrator: ...which had gotten rusty over the years.

Michael: I’ll race you to the top of the hill.

Jessie: I brought a picnic lunch.

Michael: Hey. That hill was...

Jessie: Jessie Bowers — if you ever have any public relations needs.

Michael: My relations are already a little too public — I’m Michael Bluth.

Jessie: From the Bluth Company?

Michael: That’s right.

Jessie: (Laughs.) Oh, I’m giving you my direct line.

End flashbacks
Michael: Okay, sure, she’s, uh, she’s cute. I suppose. I mean, now that you’re making me think about it. Uh, she’s cute. She’s a cutie. She’s a little cutie pie. But I never really noticed.

Lindsay: Why don’t you just ask her out?

Michael: That’s not an option.

Lindsay: Because you’re scared?

Michael: No, because of George Michael. He still hasn’t gotten over losing his mother. I just want to get him through high school, and then we’ll deal with me, okay?

Lindsay: So you didn’t get any while you were in high school, and now you’re not gonna get any while George Michael’s in high school.

Scene
Narrator: And so the family gathered at the model home, eager to hear their new publicist’s plan.

G.O.B.: Get jobs and behave?

Lindsay: Instead of us getting jobs, why don’t you do your job and tell everyone we’ve got jobs?

George Michael: You know, I have a job.

Tobias: (Fake cough.) Kiss-ass. Well, we were all thinking it.

Buster: Uh, I’m unclear about what it is exactly you do.

Jessie: Excellent question. What a publicist does...

Buster: No, no, I was talking to George Michael. When did you get a job?

George Michael: At the banana stand.

Buster: (Laughs.) Oh, duh. I thought you meant, like, a plumber or something, and I was, like, when did that happen?

Michael: Jessie, why don’t you just go ahead and jump in here. It’s a tough group to keep focused.

Jessie: Well, I’m going to go on the offensive. I want to get an article in the paper to show that this is a functional family and this is a relatable family.

George, Sr.: Are we on? Hello. Hello from prison. Thanks to Jessie for setting up this tele-link. I started a, uh, Torah study group. Very excited about it. It looks like, I don’t know, it looks like some, uh... I have some possible converts.

Jessie: Your father’s religious now? We’ll play that up. It’s very sympathetic.

Lucille: Yeah. Who doesn’t love the Jews?

Jessie: And it allows me to put Michael front and center. He needs to be the new face of this family. He is the only likable one in the bunch. No offense.

Michael: None taken.

G.O.B.: (Laughs.) I’m sorry, isn’t Michael the least likable one in the family?

Jessie: No. There are very few intelligent, attractive and straight men in this town.

Tobias: Well, that certainly leaves me out. (Chuckles.) She... she said single. You did say single, correct? I...

George, Sr.: I didn’t quite hear that. The reception’s bad, but as the Talmud tells us... (static) ...to the jackal as to an oxen. (Chuckling.) Did we get a laugh?

G.O.B.: I’m sorry. I’m just still on the whole Michael-being-likable thing. You know that he’s only had sex with, like, four women, right?

Jessie: Let’s focus on your likability. You’re going to start doing some charity work with your magic.

Lindsay: Actually, I’m kind of the charitable one of the family.

Jessie: I think it’s best if you got a job.

Lindsay: Oh, come on! I’m a parent—I care about my daughter every bit as much as Michael cares about his son.

Maeby: What grade am I in?

Lindsay: What kind of job?

Jessie: Something where you’ll be seen. I represent Cloud Mir vodka, and they want someone to promote it by ordering it at a hot bar—a place like... Rud.

Lindsay: Okay, I’ll do it.

Jessie: And, Tobias, you’re a medical doctor and you’re living an absurd fantasy as an actor. It’s time to get real.

Tobias: Wow. That’s tough talk... but I like it. You’re saying, land a major film.

Jessie: I’m saying, get your medical license back. I’ve set up a hearing for tomorrow in Boston. Michael has generously donated $1,100 for your trip.

Tobias: (Laughs.) I’m sorry. I truly believe that the universe wants me to be an actor and not a doctor. I’m just waiting for a sign.

Michael: Here’s your cash. Universal Shuttle picks you up at 8:00.

Tobias: Any sign... really.

George, Sr.: Enough of that. I’m sorry. Some of my students, they’re arguing the significance of the shank bone on the seder plate. (static) But that... do not wag our genitals at one another to make a point.

Michael: Thought-provoking.

Jessie: And, Lucille, people think you’re cold.

George, Sr.: Okay, there’s no need for violence! Hanukkah can be spelled so many ways. Oh, God!

Jessie: Buster.

Buster: Right here, ready to go, at your service, get me out there.

Jessie: I want you to stay in. People find you odd and alienating. You make them uneasy. Stay out of the spotlight.

Buster: I shall be neither seen nor heard. Watch me.

Lucille: You can always tell a Milford man.

Act
Narrator: Each with their new charge, the Bluths set about redefining their image. Tobias was off to Los Angeles International Airport determined to return to his family with a career.

Tobias: This is great. Why would anybody take a limo? What is this, like $12? Why would anybody pay more than $12 to go to the airport? Next stop: LAX. Oh, come on. We’re stopping again? How many more stops are we going to make? Honestly, I haven’t even seen this part of Los Angeles. Is that snow? Really now. This is ridiculous. I paid 12 American dollars.

Tobias: Oh, my God. You are Carl Weathers, the actor. I went to San Francisco to attend your stage-fighting workshop, but you never showed up.

Carl Weathers: I got bumped from that flight. Apparently, they give you $300 if you get bumped. It’s this crazy loophole in the system that the wrong guy discovered. Guess where I won’t be going?

Tobias: Yeah. So... I am an actor too.

Carl Weathers: Oh, good.

Tobias: Well, I want to be. I mean, without the proper training, I’m afraid I’m doomed to be a doctor.

Carl Weathers: Well, hell, I could train you.

Tobias: Oh, I’m afraid all I have is $1,100 and that’s for this plane ticket.

Carl Weathers: Check this out. $1,100 is exactly what I charge for acting classes.

Tobias: No, it isn’t.

Carl Weathers: Yeah.

Tobias: Well, what are the chances...? Universe, you’ve done it again.

Scene
Narrator: Meanwhile, G.O.B. was beginning his charity work at a local nursing home.

G.O.B.: I’m going to need a volunteer for my next illusion—The Aztec Tomb.

Woman: A tomb?

G.O.B.: Or box. Box is... fine. Oh, yes, well, excellent. Let’s get you in the box. (Quietly.) There’s a panel. Just flip it around. Curl up behind it. Don’t make any noise, all right? (To audience.) Ancient lore has it the Aztec gods put a curse on any man who....

Woman: What?

G.O.B.: He’s gone.

Scene
Narrator: Buster was also doing his share for the family.

Scene
Narrator: And Michael, at Jessie’s insistence, was out on the town.

Michael: I haven’t been out to dinner in so long, I feel a little guilty.

Jessie: Oh, you’ve nothing to be guilty about. You’re the only one in your family who’s ever been responsible.

Michael: Well, certainly the only one that’s ever held a real job.

Lindsay: Oh, really, Michael, watch this. Wow, this Cloud Mir’s making me think fuzzy. I’ve almost no judgment at all.

Man at Bar: Two more Cloud Mirs, please.

Lindsay: Only one with a real job.

Michael: Jessie, you’ve really been doing a great job with my family.

Jessie: (To photographer.) Oh, good, get one of Michael and me on a date. Thank you.

Michael: A date? This is a date now? I thought this was just business.

Jessie: Can’t it be a little bit of both?

Michael: How will I know which part of it is business?

Michael: Uh-oh. Can’t wait to see which part of it is a date.

Michael: Show me business again.

Scene
Maeby: Hey, whatcha doing?

George Michael: Just trying to get the TV working.

Maeby: Oh, yeah. I tried that earlier. I think it’s still hooked up to the prison.

George Michael: So when those guys kept saying “Hey, you, boy,” that was me? I was the boy?

Maeby: Sounds like it. So, have you told your dad you don’t want to go to that school?

George Michael: No, I’m thinking of just going. I mean the graduates go on to do great things.

Maeby: I suppose, but that means we won’t be going to the same high school.

George Michael: Damn, it just keeps getting worse. He’s my dad. I don’t want to disappoint him.

Maeby: You and I are so different. It’s like we’re not even related.

George Michael: That would be amazing.

George Michael: Oh, my God.

Michael: Hey, buddy.

George Michael: Hey, Dad.

Michael: I’m sorry that I’m so late, but I was with Jessie. This girl’s making some serious progress on getting you into that school. She just booked G.O.B. a gig at Earl Milford’s nursing home. You’re going to be a shoo-in.

George Michael: Oh.

Michael: She’s kind of something, isn’t she?

George Michael: Yeah, I guess.

Michael: I mean, you know, hey, she is no replacement for your mom.

George Michael: Oh, no. No way. No.

Michael: No, no. Yeah.

George Michael: She’s just working for us. You’re not dating her.

Michael: That’s right. No, I am not dating her. Absolutely not dating her. Just you and me. Bluth boys.

George Michael: Bluth boys.

Michael: Good night, buddy.

George Michael: Good night.

Jessie: Hey.

Michael: Hey.

Jessie: Is he in bed?

Michael: He’s on his way. Hey, listen, listen. This might be a little bit too fast for him. I mean, for, for us. Me. For me. Maybe we should take a step back and just keep this relationship professional.

Jessie: Oh, I think that would take all the fun out of it.

Michael: No, no, no, seriously. You’re amazing, but I just think we should slow down.

Jessie: Uh-huh. So the two months on the bike—that was what, for my health?

Michael: We had great conversations. Seriously. This is hard for me.

Jessie: This is hard for me, too. I’ve got a life to get on track, and I don’t like wasting time, so let’s do this. Let’s take two steps back and why don’t you find yourself a new publicist?

Michael: Jessie... No, I was just saying your name as you walked away. I didn’t... I have no follow-up.

Michael: (Softly.) Jessie.

Narrator: Michael felt bad, but he felt even worse when he got a call from his brother.

Michael: Hello.

G.O.B.: It’s G.O.B. I’m looking for Jessie.

Michael: She just left, G.O.B. What’s wrong?

G.O.B.: I need her to spin something for me.

Michael: Well, that’s too bad, because I think she quit. What do you need her to spin?

G.O.B.: Murder.

Act
Narrator: Michael was summoned to help his brother.

Michael: Murder, huh? Who died?

G.O.B.: My career.

Michael: I’m going to go home now.

G.O.B.: I lost a guy. I put him in the Aztec Tomb and he disappeared.

Michael: Isn’t that the point?

G.O.B.: This will ruin me.

Michael: He’s probably fine.

G.O.B.: No, I need Jessie.

Michael: Well, she quit when I told her that I couldn’t go out with her. You know, I have to do the right thing for my son.

G.O.B.: Then you better get her back because the guy I lost was Earl Milford.

Michael: What?

G.O.B.: I didn’t know it was him. But he was spectacularly quiet in there. You can always tell a Milford man.

Michael: G.O.B., have you destroyed my chance of getting my son in that school?

G.O.B.: Not with the right spin. Jessie—get her back.

Scene
Narrator: Charged with the task of renewing his medical license, Tobias was enjoying his first acting class with Carl Weathers.

Tobias: “I don’t know what your police captain told you about me, but I’m a different breed of cop. I’m from the streets and I’m the last cop you’re ever going to want to mess with in a darkened alley. A dark alley. And I...”

Tobias: Mr. Weathers, I don’t know. Perhaps my wife is right. I don’t know if I’m cut out to be a De Niro or a Regis or a Pinkett-Smith, or a what-have-you.

Carl Weathers: Whoa, whoa, whoa. Tobias, dreams are worth fighting for. Now, are you going to be a fighter or are you going to be a doctor?

Tobias: You’re right, Carl Weathers. I should just march into that restaurant where my wife works and tell her...

Carl Weathers: Your wife works in a restaurant? Do they get a shift meal, or do they just pay half price on select menu items?

Tobias: I don’t know.

Carl Weathers: Well, let’s find out, man.

Scene
Narrator: And the press got hold of G.O.B.’s story.

Reporter: Where’s Earl Milford?

G.O.B.: I-I don’t know. I put him in a box. I didn’t kill him, all right? And don’t edit this for your broadcast so it looks like I’m screaming, “I killed Earl Milford!”

John Beard: Startling confession tonight at 11:00.

Narrator: Minutes later, G.O.B. unloaded his equipment and made a surprising discovery.

Earl Milford: Don’t send me back. They abuse us. It’s not pleasant.

G.O.B.: Earl, I have to take you back. It’s the only way to clear my name.

Earl Milford: You’ll have a new name — Hero.

G.O.B.: Hero. That could work for me.

Scene
Narrator: Meanwhile, Jessie decided to pay George Michael a visit.

Jessie: Hi, George Michael. Proud of yourself?

George Michael: Yeah, actually. I got a bum away from the stand without hurting his feelings. That was pretty sweet.

Jessie: No, I mean about your father. About denying him his chance to be happy?

Maeby: You’re into that, too? I’m rubbing off on you, huh?

George Michael: No, I want my dad to be happy.

Jessie: Oh, it’s too late now. I’ve seen to that. Daddy lost his shot at happy, and it’s all your fault, Opie.

Narrator: Jessie had gone too far and she had best watch her mouth.

Jessie: Michael’s about to become the most unlikable man in town. (Breezily.) Check the papers.

Maeby: She kind of reminds me of my mother.

Scene
Narrator: And later that night, Lindsay was working at Rud.

Lindsay: You seem like a man of taste and class.

Man at Bar: I’ll give you $2,000 to touch me.

Lindsay: (Chuckles.) Oh, my God, my husband.

Man at Bar: You’re married to Carl Weathers? (bleep)

Lindsay: What’s going on? Why are you here? Why aren’t you in Boston? Who’s he?

Tobias: His name is Carl Weathers, and he’s my new acting teacher. And, Lindsay, he’s teaching me all these valuable life lessons.

Carl Weathers: I buy all my cars at police auction.

Tobias: He’s full of stuff like that. And, Lindsay, he’s teaching me to follow my dreams.

Lindsay: Give me a bourbon.

Carl Weathers: Any room on that tab for me to jump on?

Scene
Narrator: And Michael caught up with Jessie.

Michael: Thanks for coming. I was just doing some thinking, and I pulled away, and that was wrong. I really want to make this work.

Lucille: Get away from my son.

Michael: Hey, Mom. Kind of on a date here.

Lucille: You’ll change your mind after this.

Narrator: And Michael saw the story that Jessie had planted.

Lucille: Let me tell you something, sweetie. We may pick on each other, get into little scrapes, call each other names and occasionally steal from each other, but that’s because we are family. You have no right. You don’t get to do that.

Lindsay: “Lindsay’s a combative, entitled princess”? I should hire somebody to kick your ass for that.

Lucille: Save your money.

Lindsay: You’re right. I’ll do it myself.

Michael: Hey! Whoa, whoa, whoa! We are not settling things like that anymore, all right? I don’t need my son reading any more articles about us in the paper.

Jessie: Oh, you and your son. Stop using him as an excuse for everything you do. I saw him today. He’s fine with us.

Michael: What? You saw him today?

Jessie: Yeah. I told him he was getting in the way of your happiness.

Michael: You did? You said that to my son?

Jessie: Yeah.

Michael: You’re on your own. Ladies.

Woman in Restaurant: Hey, look out.

Man in Restaurant: Bluth fight!

Scene
Trisha Thoon: The press is having a love affair with hating the Bluth family. And they were the center of another brawl this evening.

Carl Weathers: I’m looking at $50,000 worth of medical bills here.

Scene
Michael: Well, it looks like you won’t be getting into this school. You disappointed?

George Michael: Are you disappointed?

Michael: Look, George Michael, I want you to tell me how you feel, okay? I don’t want you to worry so much about hurting my feelings.

George Michael: I didn’t want to go to that school and Jessie’s a psycho.

Michael: It could’ve saved us a little bit of time.

George Michael: But, Dad, you know, if you ever want to date anyone else, that’s fine with me.

Michael: Yeah? Thanks, buddy.

George Michael: ’Cause, you know, I mean, four women, that is kind of sad.

Michael: All right, thank you.

George Michael: I mean, I know you got married in college, but that was your sophomore year. You had your whole freshman year.

Michael: That’s enough honesty for now. Thank you. Good night.

George Michael: There must’ve been girls at parties?

Act
Narrator: On the next Arrested Development, G.O.B. holds a press conference of his own...

G.O.B.: And now prepare to call me hero. He’s resting. Pick a card. Oh, boy.

Scene
Narrator: ... and Buster moves to the kitchen.

Act 1
Narrator: It was Michael’s sister’s anniversary and he’d convinced his mother to throw a party for her.

Michael: Lindsay, how’s this for an anniversary cake?

Lucille: Anniversary? You asked me to throw a Valentine’s Day party.

Michael: Did I?

Lucille: You tricked me.

Michael: I deceived you, Mom. Trick makes it sound like we have a playful relationship.

Lucille: Touché. Lupe, untie the balloons!

Marta: Michael, all alone on Valentine’s Day? How’s that possible? You seem like such a romantic to me. I can just see you showing up on some lucky girl’s porch, in a tuxedo with a bottle of champagne.

Michael: Yeah. But if I show up with all that stuff, I could probably just get away with shorts and a T-shirt right? Which is good because I don’t even have a tuxedo.

Marta: So you’re saying there’s no one that you’re even interested in?

Flashback
Narrator: In fact, Michael had become enamored of Marta when G.O.B. was having second thoughts about the relationship.

G.O.B.: I’ve made a huge mistake.

Narrator: But when G.O.B. recommitted to her...

G.O.B.: I’ve made a huge mistake.

End flashback
Narrator: ...Michael decided to do the noble thing and let her go.

Michael: There was somebody for a little while, but it was too much of a brother... bother.

Lindsay: That can’t feel good.

Michael: It’s fine. I’m over it. I’m okay by myself, you know? I really just want to focus on my family’s happiness. That’s why I threw this party. I mean, 14 years, huh? You’ve got to be doing something right.

Lindsay: Well, if you call not filing for divorce something right. But I guess we keep it interesting.

Michael: Where’s Tobias?

Lindsay: He’s on the balcony having margaritas with Carl Weathers.

Cutaway
Narrator: Tobias had recently hired actor Carl Withers as a drama coach.

End cutaway
Scene
Tobias: Do you see me more as the respected dramatic actor or more of the beloved comic actor?

Carl Weathers: Whoa, whoa, whoa. There’s still plenty of meat on that bone. Now you take this home, throw it in a pot, add some broth, a potato. Baby, you’ve got a stew going.

Tobias: Yes, that’s fine, but I would like to focus on my acting, Mr. Weathers. I did give you my last $1,100.

Carl Weathers: Let me tell you a little story about acting. I was doing this Showtime movie—Hot Ice with Anne Archer—never once touched my per diem. I’d go to Craft Service, get some raw veggies, bacon, Cup-A-Soup— baby, I got a stew going.

Tobias: I think I’d like my money back.

Scene
Narrator: Like his father, George Michael had been nursing an impossible crush. It was on his cousin, Maeby. And with no one to talk to, he was looking for some kind of direction.

George Michael: Just give me a sign. The first one’s obvious. Okay.

Narrator: He continued to look for a sign, until finally...

George Michael: “Maybe tonight.” What are the chances?

Cutaway
Narrator: Actually, “Maybe Tonight” was a very popular candy slogan and the chances were one in eight.

End cutaway
George Michael: What are you doing?

Maeby: I’m just trying to throw stuff at my dad’s head, but the wind keeps taking it.

George Michael: How cool. So I found this. I thought it was like a one-in-a-million thing. It just made me think of you.

Maeby: Oh, perfect.

Tobias: I saw that.

Scene
Narrator: And Lucille found a way to force a wedge into her son’s relationship.

Lucille: Lucille, guess who’s coming to dinner? I’ve invited Carl to dine with us next Tuesday.

Buster: Mother, you know I have class on Tuesday.

Lucille: Oh, how silly of me. Well, then perhaps the two of you can have dinner alone.

Carl Weathers: I never say no to dinner with a beautiful lady, that is.

Lucille Austero: Do you like ham?

Carl Weathers: No. I love it.

Scene
Narrator: And the family gathered to watch a videotape George had sent Lindsay and Tobias for their anniversary.

George: Hello, I’m George Bluth. And for the next 45 minutes, let me take you on a journey.

Lucille: Good grief, he sent us one of his idiot video tapes.

George: First, this.

Announcer: You’ve seen George Bluth on videotape.

George: You have got to learn to be alone. I cheated and I lied and I whored around.

Prisoner: Caged Wisdom changed my life.

Announcer: Now’s your chance for only 4 payments of $19.95.

Lindsay: This was supposed to be my anniversary.

Lucille: Yeah, and this was supposed to be my Valentine’s Day party. Speaking of which... Lupe, where are those balloons?!

Lupe: You want balloons?

G.O.B.: Speech, speech, speech,

All: (Chanting.) Speech, speech, speech, speech, speech, speech, speech, speech, speech, speech, speech...

Narrator: The family continued to chant “speech, speech, speech” for no one in particular.

All: ...speech, speech, speech!

Michael: Gee, after all that, I was kind of hoping somebody would make a speech.

Buster: Speech, speech, speech!

Michael: All right, I’ll say something.

G.O.B.: Typical.

Michael: We’ve all had a tough couple of months. I think we’re all really figuring out who we are and what we really need in life, and that can be painful. However, you can’t really heal yourself until you stop living a lie, you know? But I promise that we’re all going to be a lot happier in the long run. So, on a very unusual Valentine’s Day, cheers to Mom and Dad, to Buster and Lucille....

Buster: Don’t forget my girlfriend.

Michael: That’s who I meant. ...To Lindsay and Tobias. To George Michael and... I almost said George Michael and Maeby.

George Michael: (Laughing.) Oh.

Michael: To G.O.B. and Marta. To love and happiness. I love you all, Marta.

Narrator: And Marta realized that it was Michael, not G.O.B., who had everything she had been looking for in a man.

Marta: I've made a huge mistake.

Act 2
Lindsay: I was thinking about that toast you gave at my anniversary party. So I want to get a divorce.

Michael: What?

Lindsay: Do you think I should use our attorney, Barry, or just kind of bolt in the night? I’m leaning towards bolt in the night, but...

Michael: Whoa, whoa, whoa.

Michael: Lindsay, I wasn’t talking about getting a divorce.

Lindsay: Oh, Michael, it’s time. The man’s psychologically incapable of taking all of his clothes off.

Cutaway
Narrator: In fact, Tobias was a never-nude. As of yet, the DSM-IV has not acknowledged the affliction.

End cutaway
Michael: I don’t know, Lindsay. I mean, who am I to judge? On the other hand, I am doing it anyway, so let me suggest before you talk divorce, at least consider a separation. You know, you do have a kid.

Lindsay: I know. I was going to take her with me in the night. She’s part of the bolt.

Michael: Lindsay.

Lindsay: All right, I’ll think about it.

Michael: (Into phone) Hello?

Buster: Hey, brother, I just wanted to tell you how much I enjoyed your speech yesterday—about family and being true to ourselves.

Michael: Oh... well, I’m glad it made an impact.

Buster: Yeah. I never want to look at mom again.

Michael: What happened?

Buster: I can’t really talk. She might be listening in. Do you know she tried to set up my girlfriend with a man? It has to stop.

Michael: That’s not really what I was going for.

Buster: I’m a man, Mike! I’m a man.

Lupe: Can I throw out this yogurt?

Michael: Buster, two things: first of all, it might be time for you to move out and secondly, you don’t want to take any chances with yogurt, Mom. Just let her throw it out.

Lucille: Hello? Who’s on this phone?

G.O.B.: Michael.

Michael: Hey.

G.O.B.: Great speech last night.

Michael: Really? What did it inspire you to do, kill somebody?

G.O.B.: Getting there. Marta’s cheating on me.

Michael: What?

G.O.B.: Yeah. Can you believe that?

Michael: That’s crazy, G.O.B. She’s not a cheater. If she were to cheat, I’d like to think she’d cheat... you’re the cheater.

G.O.B.: That’s how I know all the signs. Last night she was all distant and weird. Wouldn’t let me make love to her on Mom’s bed. I don’t even want to tell you what she wouldn’t let me do to her in the car. And then today, I overhear her talking on the phone about somebody, all super silently, all in Spanish.

Flashback
Narrator: In fact, Marta was on the phone with her mother talking about Michael.

Marta: No es el G.O.B. el que yo quiero. Es el hermano.

Marta: Hermano.

End flashback
G.O.B.: And she kept using this guy’s name like, “Hermano.”

Michael: Let me tell you something, G.O.B. We’re going to track this Hermano down, okay? And we’re going to nail him. Because if anyone’s going to go out with that girl, it’s going to be one of us.

G.O.B.: Right. Me.

Michael: And I’m okay with that.

Scene
Maeby: I don’t get it. Why do we have to change rooms?

Lindsay: Cousins of the opposite gender shouldn’t be sharing a room.

George Michael: But that’s just the point. I mean, we’re cousins. You know, gender has nothing to do with it. Cousins can bunk together. That’s why they call it “bunking cousins.”

Lindsay: They call it “kissing cousins.”

George Michael: We’re not kissing, that’s the point.

Narrator: George Michael was concerned Tobias had seen the candy heart that said “Maybe Tonight” and had figured out that he had a crush on his cousin.

George Michael: Besides, I don’t even care. First you said, “Share a room with her,” I shared a room with her. Now you’re saying don’t share a room with her. Fine. I’m just... I’m just doing whatever you say. The adults are making all the decisions around here. Why am I in trouble?

Lindsay: You’re not in trouble. We’re all just going to have a more normal arrangement. I’m going to sleep with my daughter and you’re going to sleep with my husband.

Scene
Narrator: Buster had taken Michael’s advice and decided to confront his mother.

Buster: (Sniffling.) Because you know I don’t appreciate how you treat me. I am not a child, Mother.

Lucille: Blow.

Buster: No, Mother! I can blow myself. And you have interfered for the last time.

Lucille: Fine. Go! Move out!

Scene
Narrator: So, Buster loaded up his possessions and emancipated himself from his mother.

Carl Weathers: Oh, hey, Buster. I thought you had class.

Buster: I thought you had class. My brother-in-law fires you and you move in on my girlfriend?

Carl Weathers: Now wait a minute. This is just purely a social call. You know, just two adults getting a stew on, man.

Buster: I don’t know what that means, but it sounds disgusting.

Lucille Austero: Hey, Buster. Gee, I thought you had class.

Buster: I thought you had class. I want to move in with you. I’m tired of my mom trying to control me.

Lucille Austero: Wait a minute. Are you sure you’re doing this because you want to be with me, and not because you want to get even with your mother?

Buster: This isn’t about my mother. Besides, it’s the only way I’m ever going to get her to respect me.

Lucille Austero: Buster, this is exactly why our relationship does not work.

Buster: Our relationship doesn’t work?

Lucille Austero: No, not as long as you keep getting me all mixed up with your mother.

Buster: It is exactly the opposite. I’m leaving my mother for you. You’re replacing my mother.

Lucille Austero: You need some time.

Buster: Huh?

Scene
Narrator: Meanwhile, Michael was following Marta to confirm G.O.B.’s suspicions. First he saw her buy a present at an exclusive men’s store. The trail then led Michael to the set of Marta’s Spanish-language soap opera.

Michael: Excuse me. I’m looking for an Hermano.

Soap Actor #1: Oh, mi hermano. Alli. [My brother? Right there.]

Michael: Right there, in the green? Great. Thanks. Gracias. Hermano. Are you Hermano?

Soap Actor #2: Mi hermano? Es alli. [My brother? Right there.]

Michael: That’s the guy who just...

Soap Actor #2: Mm-hmm.

Michael: Son of a bitch.

Soap Actor #1: Hey...

Marta: Hey.

Speaking Spanish -- Let’s get you into wardrobe.

Michael: Marta...

Act 3
Lucille: I had to see you. He moved out.

George: He moved out? Buster did?

Lucille: I know it’s for his own good, but I’m worried.

George: Well, he’s going to be fine.

Lucille: I’m not worried about him. I’ve never lived in the apartment alone. I’m not sure I’m up to this.

George: All right, shh, shh, shh. Listen, I know you think I’m going after the $49, but... I want... I want you to watch a little Caged Wisdom.

Lucille: Not this garbage again.

George: There is joy in solitude, Lucille. Try being alone. It-it just might make you happier. Honey, my happiest times here are alone. Hey, Bruno, any chance that the hole is available between 4:00 and 6:00?

Lucille: I don’t even want to know what that means.

Scene
Narrator: With nowhere else to go, Buster arrived at the model home.

Tobias: Buster Bluth.

Buster: Hey, brother-in-law.

Tobias: Good news. Carl got me an audition.

Buster: Carl Weathers?

Tobias: I think the world is about to fall in love with “Frightened Inmate #2.”

Buster: Well, at least he gave you something. Carl Weathers took everything from me. My entire life just came crashing down, and it’s all his fault. I will never love again.

Marta: Hello.

Buster: Oh, my God.

Marta: Is everything okay?

Narrator: And suddenly Buster realized Marta was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen.

Buster: I’ve been dating an old lady.

Marta: Is Michael here?

Buster: I-I don’t... I don’t know where he is.

Narrator: In fact, Michael was just returning from his day of following Marta.

Michael: Well, I lost her.

Marta: Michael.

Michael: Marta.

Marta: I’m so glad I caught you.

Michael: You caught me?

Marta: Yes.

Michael: Oh.

Marta: First of all, thank you so much for the lovely party and for making me feel so welcome in your family.

Michael: Yeah, sure.

Buster: We love you! Can I... can I stay here for a little while?

Michael: Well, everybody’s already sharing a bedroom but me, Buster.

Buster: Oh, perfect.

Marta: So... I was hoping you might have some time to talk.

Marta: There’s something I need... Maybe we could have dinner?

Michael: Hello?

G.O.B.: She’s at the house. She’s at the house.

Michael: One second.

G.O.B.: I’m gonna speak very carefully in case she’s with you.

Michael: You’re right.

G.O.B.: Right about what? She’s there? What’s going on? Who’s with you? If it’s Marta, say “nobody.”

Michael: Nobody.

G.O.B.: Well, now I don’t know what’s going on. So did you find out anything? I-I’m dying here, Michael. Did you find that guy, what’s his name?

Michael: Hermano.

G.O.B.: Hermano.

Marta: Is that your brother?

Michael: No, he’s upstairs. Remember? Listen, I got to go. Somebody wants to take me out to dinner.

G.O.B.: Somebody?

Michael: Nobody.

G.O.B.: Why don’t I just come in. I’m right outside.

Michael: No, no. Not-not a good idea. Somebody wants to talk to me about something.

G.O.B.: Ah, she wants to talk to you. Got it.

G.O.B.: For some reason, women feel safe around you. Maybe because you’ve only had sex four times.

Michael: Four women, not four times, and they talk to me because I talk to them.

G.O.B.: Look, go to dinner, and let’s get to the bottom of this Hermano stuff, brother.

Michael: Yup, great.

G.O.B.: Great.

Michael: Hey, about dinner—I’d love to.

Scene
Narrator: Tobias arrived at his audition for Frightened Inmate #2. The competition frightened Tobias, which he felt he could use in his performance. Unfortunately, this made him more confident, which frightened him again.

Tobias: I’m ready.

Scene
Narrator: That night, Maeby moved in to Lindsay’s room.

Lindsay: Isn’t this fun. It’s like a slumber party. Ooh.

Maeby: That’s it! Tell me what’s up with you and Dad.

Lindsay: Nothing. Nothing’s wrong with your father and me. We have a-a wonderful, close relationship. Can I let you in on a little secret? Hm? Having him in the next room makes me miss him all the more.

Maeby: Mom, please. He’s got a big boy crush on Action Jackson.

Lindsay: I know. How can I compete with that? Okay... we’re having a little fight right now. But don’t worry, darling. Okay? Mommy and Daddy... (Clenching teeth.) ...aren’t going anywhere.

Maeby: Okay. I’m going to go unpack my suitcase.

Lindsay: (Whispers.) No! We may have to bolt.

Scene
Narrator: Tobias moved in to George Michael’s room.

George Michael: You know, Maeby and I were cool with each other, and, I mean, you must really miss your wife. It’s practically still your anniversary.

Tobias: 14 years of lies. Yes, I’m the doctor. The perfect husband. The big manly man. The big strong daddy. Do you know the last time that I made love to my wife?

George Michael: No.

Tobias: I’ll tell you when.

George Michael: No, don’t.

Tobias: See, nothing has ever been easy for us. I mean, the only reason she went out with me was to piss off her boyfriend. The only reason she ever married me was to piss off her mother. And, then, of course, we couldn’t conceive, so there was that famous ordeal.

George Michael: Wh-What do you mean, you couldn’t conceive? Was Maeby adopted? Is she not really related to me? Is she just some girl I know?

Tobias: Ah, it’s Carl Weathers. Yes, Carl Weathers? I did? That’s... that’s wonderful. That’s... Ha! I booked it! I booked the acting job! Did you hear that, Lindsay? You could have been sleeping with Frightened Inmate #2.

Scene
Narrator: And Lucille was experiencing being alone for the first time. Unable to sleep, she decided to watch TV.

George: You have got to learn to be alone.

Narrator: Then she remembered that with no one to disturb, she could turn up the volume as loud as she wanted.

George: You have to find the joy within yourself.

Narrator: And that’s when Lucille realized that she just might like being alone after all.

Music: / Mama’s lettin’ loose / / Mama’s got the stuff, Mama’s lettin’ go... /

Scene
Narrator: The next night, Michael had dinner with Marta at her house, hoping to finally get the answers he was looking for.

Michael: So, um, about G.O.B., how’s that going?

Marta: Well, as you said, finding out who you really are, it can be painful, but you can’t live a lie.

Michael: No, I can’t, but some people find a way to make that work.

Marta: Yes, but sometimes, working at something, it’s a way to not deal with some other things.

Michael: But... he who often suggests uh, working on another thing, which, when the first thing is not...

Marta: Will you excuse me for a moment?

Michael: Yes. Sure.

Marta: What the hell is he talking about?

Amable: Can I have a piece of cake?

Narrator: And Michael saw an opportunity to get the information he wasn’t getting from Marta from her son.

Michael: I’ll tell you what, I got a deal for you, partner. I’ll give you what you want... if you give me what I want. Tell me everything you know about... Hermano.

Amable: Hermano?

Michael: Does your mother love Hermano?

Amable: Si, mi hermano.

Michael: He’s here?

Amable: Shh, he’s sleeping.

Scene
Marta: Don’t go in there.

Michael: Is there something you don’t want me to see?

Marta: What are you talking about?

Michael: You know, we can keep going around in circles, but maybe one of us should just come out and say what it is we want to say.

Marta: You’re right. It’s not working with G.O.B.

Michael: Why doesn’t he know that? You know you could’ve just come out and told him, you know, instead of lying and sneaking around and moving on to the next guy. I didn’t think you were that kind of a person. You know, I thought you and I shared the same values. I thought you and I could have been, uh... Nah, forget it. I don’t know how I had you so wrong.

Marta: You’re right. I should have told him before I invited you here. This could never be.

Narrator: Then he noticed the gift he had seen her buy.

Note reads, “Here’s the Tux. You bring the Flowers & Champagne... Te amo.”

Michael: What does “te amo” mean?

Amable: “I love you.”

Michael: Hm. And who’s in there?

Amable: Mi hermano.

Michael: Brother. I’ve made a huge mistake.

Act 4
Narrator: On the next Arrested Development, George Michael begins an investigation...

Maeby: So do you want to go to the movies? Ow!

George Michael: I’ll let you know when I get back from the lab.

Scene
Narrator: ... Tobias faces his greatest acting challenge...

Tobias: No, no, no, there’s a shower scene? I have to be nude?

Carl Weathers: Hey, you don’t shower with your clothes on, now, do you?

Scene
Narrator: ... and Buster rebounds from Lucille, too.

Marta: Yo te quiero mucho.

Buster: (Repeating.) Yo te quiero mucho. Te amo, Marta. Te amo.

Act 1
Narrator: Michael Bluth was infatuated with his brother’s girlfriend, Marta, a Spanish-language soap opera star. But when he found out she was interested in a man named Hermano, he confronted her. Unfortunately, he discovered too late that “hermano” in Spanish meant “brother.” And the person Marta was infatuated with was, in fact, himself. This was distracting Michael the next day, when he went to meet his father’s attorney at prison.

Barry: Look, there is nothing to it. It’s an arraignment. They announce the charges... However, it would help if you all showed up, looking like a loving, supportive family.

Lucille: For how long?

Barry: Ten minutes, tops.

Lucille: See if you can get it down to five.

George, Sr.: You know, maybe I should confess to these crimes, save everybody the trouble.

Lucille: Oh, get off the mount. You’re coming home guilty or somehow found not guilty.

Cell phone rings.

Michael: Hello?

G.O.B.: What the hell is going on?! I’m waiting to hear about Marta and this Hermano guy.

Michael: Yeah, I checked it out. I do not think that she’s cheating.

G.O.B.: I’m going over to Marta’s.

Michael: No, no, no. Don’t-don’t do that, okay? Just, uh, lay low. Be cool. I’ll talk to her again. That way, you don’t look so desperate, you know?

G.O.B.: You’re a good guy, mon frère. That means “brother” in French. I don’t know why I know that. I took four years of Spanish!

Narrator: So, Michael went to speak with Marta about the misunderstanding from the night before.

Michael: I owe you an apology.

Marta: No, I owe you an apology. I’m so ashamed that I was so disrespectful to your brother.

Michael: Oh, who cares? Nobody respects him. You see, Marta, I have been interested in you since the first day that we met.

Marta: Really?

Michael: Yeah, yeah.

Marta: It doesn’t matter. We live by our code, you and I, to honor family.

Michael: Yes, that’s one of the things that attracted me to you—your sense of right and wrong.

Michael: I also like your hair and your face and your breasts.

Marta: You sound like your brother.

Michael: Oh, thank you.

Marta: G.O.B. is like the cock of the walk, but not you. You are so kind. You’re sensitive, like a woman.

Michael: That’s enough.

Michael: We do have to do the right thing.

Marta: And being together is the wrong thing.

Michael: Very. Very. Wrong.

G.O.B.: (Singing tunelessly.) / And it’s there / / When you call out my name / / Two / One, two / three, four / five, six / seven, eight / nine, ten, 12... /

Michael: Is that G.O.B.?

G.O.B.: (Singing.) / Love is in the air. /

Michael: I’m going to turn this off.

Marta: Please.

Michael: Oh!

Marta: G.O.B.’s wand.

Michael: Oh, this is so wrong.

Michael: No-no, not-not-not not hot wrong. You know, regular wrong.

Michael: I got to tell G.O.B.

Marta: No, I have to tell him.

Michael: Yes, but-but you-you speak a little slowly, and I really want to get this thing moving along. So listen. You do the noble thing and you tell him you’ve met someone else. I’m going to do the noble thing and tell him that it’s me. While I’m doing my noble thing, you could put those photos in a box, get rid of the wand, and we can do the wrong thing the right way.

Narrator: And Maeby was getting tired of her parents’ constant fighting.

Lindsay: I’m saying every time something starts to go well for you, you blow it.

Tobias: Nothing has ever gone well for me, and you know that.

Lindsay: That’s my point, you... handsome cowboy, you.

Tobias: Oh, great. And now you’re mocking me. You selfish... coun.. try-music-loving lady. Hello, Maeby.

Maeby: Nice cover. Why don’t you two just get a divorce and save us all a lot of grief?

Narrator: The night before, Tobias and Lindsay had chosen to sleep in separate rooms, and Tobias had dropped an intriguing piece of information.

Tobias: ... and of course we couldn’t conceive, so there was that famous ordeal.

George Michael: What do you mean, you couldn’t conceive?

George Michael: Was Maeby adopted? Is she not really related to me? Is she just some girl I know?

Narrator: George Michael never got an answer. So he set about doing some investigating of his own.

George Michael: Hey, have you ever seen any pictures of your mom pregnant?

Maeby: Don’t talk to me about my mom. She’s crazy. Both of them are. Sometimes, I wish we weren’t even related.

George Michael: Hey, you know, maybe we’re not. Because when you think about it, we don’t really even look like each other.

Maeby: No, I was talking about my parents. God, what’s wrong with this family?!

George Michael: (To himself.) Maybe we’re not family. And maybe that’s very, very right, twinkie.

George Michael: Uncle G.O.B.! Hey, uh, was Aunt Lindsay ever pregnant?

G.O.B.: Oh, yeah, dozens of times.

G.O.B.: Hey, is your dad, uh... around, uh...?

Michael: Hey, G.O.B. Marta call?

G.O.B.: She sure has. Four times, but I didn’t take the calls.

Michael: Oh, no? Why not? Because of you. You said to lay low. And it’s working. Great.

G.O.B.: Tell you what. You may not be good with women, but you are great with other people’s women, I’ll give you that.

Michael: Oh, listen, G.O.B., you can’t just ignore her. Maybe you should talk to her. She is your girlfriend.

G.O.B.: Exactly! And I want to keep it that way. For all I know, she’s calling to break up with me. I don’t answer the phone, that doesn’t happen.

G.O.B.: And it’s all because of you, fratello. That’s Italian for “brother,” yeah. Now all I gotta do is find this “Hermano” guy. I’m gonna kill him.

Buster: Hey, brother.

Michael: Hey, Buster.

Buster: Oh, hey, brother.

G.O.B.: Hey, Buster.

Michael: G.O.B., there’s no need for violence. There never is. I’d like to think that we’re all, you know, intelligent, mature... um... adults that-that can settle their differences—whenever they come to light—through words.

G.O.B.: Yeah, well, I let my fists do the talking. Not this one, ’cause obviously, I need it for coin tricks and stuff. But this one, I let it speak for both of them.

Buster: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Mom always taught us to curl up in a ball and remain motionless when confronted. That’s what I did in high school when I almost got into a fight.

Michael: I think that was about being attacked by bears.

Buster: Yeah. I know.

Bear: Hey, rich kid, give me your lunch money.

Buster: But sometimes I wonder what it would be like to get into a fight today.

Michael: Well, you’d be a much bigger ball.

Buster: I mean, there is so much in life that I have not experienced. And now that I’m away from Mom, I feel like this is my chance to live. I want to dance. I want to make love to a woman. I want to get a checking account. I want to know what it feels like to get my face socked in.

G.O.B.: Michael, don’t get that. That could be Marta.

Michael: What? Ooh! (Whispers.) Too late. Hello?

Lucille: Michael?

Michael: Oh, hi, Mom.

Buster: I’m not here.

Lucille: Is that Buster? Tell him I’m fine without him. Why haven’t you called me back? I’m worried about your father’s hearing.

Michael: Mom, listen, it’s going to be fine. I’m on it, okay? I’m taking care of it. I’ll be there first thing Friday morning.

Lucille: It’s tomorrow at 4:30!

Michael: Oh, I should write that down.

Lucille: Where is your head, Michael?

Michael: Listen, everything is going to be fine. They just read the charges, and we look like a loving family for, like, six minutes.

Lucille: Ten minutes.

Michael: We couldn’t get that down, huh?

Narrator: George Michael, meanwhile, went to speak with Tobias.

George Michael: This was just faxed to you.

Tobias: Oh great. The rewrite. Let’s see if they beefed up my part. I got three lines.

George Michael: So, uh, I’ve been thinking about that conversation we were having the other night about, uh, where Maeby came from. And uh, I was just wondering if you could finish that thought.

Tobias: Yes, okay, uh... Well, have a seat. Uh... um...

Tobias: When a man... needs to prove to a woman that he’s actual... When a man loves a woman, and he actually wants to make love, uh, to her, something very, very special happens, and uh, with deep, deep concentration and-and great focus, he’s often able to achieve an erec...

George Michael: I’m sorry, I’m going to stop you. I know what you mean. I-I didn’t mean babies in general.

Tobias: Oh, well that’s good. Because it was about to get a little, eh, gross.

George Michael: Yeah, no, I meant specifically with Maeby.

Tobias: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. This isn’t right.

George Michael: I know, you’re right. I’m sorry.

Tobias: No, no. It says it’s a shower scene. I’m not supposed to be in the shower scene. It has nudity!

Narrator: Tobias was a never-nude, which is exactly what it sounds like.

Tobias: I don’t do nudity. It says that right on my resume. Okay... what do you think I wear these for?

George Michael: I was never actually clear on that.

Buster: So... you’re, uh... you’re not with Marta anymore?

G.O.B.: Well, my plan is to get her wanting me but bad, and then I spring it on her. “I know you’ve been cheating on me. You just cost yourself one fine man and one fine CD of him singing ‘Love is in the Air.”’ (Eating dry spaghetti.)

Buster: Well, I would never, uh, do this while you were still going out, but, uh... if you’re done with her, I’d sure like a crack at her.

G.O.B.: Right, right... That sounds great. Go for it, buddy.

G.O.B.: But you know that she’s kind of used to being with me, right? So... it would be sort of like going from prime rib to—I don’t know—weird brother of prime rib. So... Do you even know her?

Buster: I’ve met her. I fell for her. I’ve been watching her program. El amor prohibido. “The Love that is Forbidden.” She is the love that’s forbidden. The love of my hermano.

G.O.B.: Wait a second. What? You know Hermano?

Buster: Hermano is brother in Spanish, as in “Hey, hermano.”

G.O.B.: Brother... “hermano” means “brother”?

Buster: Yeah.

G.O.B.: Well... sounds like hermano is about to get his ass kicked.

Buster: Well, this is what I said I wanted. So? Alright, let’s get it over with.

Buster: So... so you are you going to hit me?

G.O.B.: No, I’m not going to hit you. You’re not the brother Marta’s cheating on me with.

Buster: Oh, who is?

G.O.B.: How should I know, Buster?

Buster: You know, there is a guy who plays her older brother on her show. I think his name is Tio.

G.O.B.: Tio. Well, sounds like someone who you think’s name is Tio is about to get his ass kicked. Thanks for the tip, Buster.

Michael: All right, Mom, I’ll be sure to tell Buster. Right, bye. Mom wanted me to tell you she doesn’t care whether you live or die, but if you’re not dead, she would like to see you at the courthouse tomorrow in a blue sweater.

Buster: Damn it! I hate the blue sweater.

Michael: She said it would look nice with the gray pants.

Buster: Damn it! She’s right!

Michael: Where’s G.O.B.?

Buster: I think he’s heading down to the set of Marta’s soap opera.

Michael: What?

Buster: Get this. She may be cheating on him with the guy who plays her brother. I mean, I still like her but we’re going to have to deal with this.

Michael: I’ve got to go stop them.

Buster: And I’ve got a blue sweater to steam.

Narrator: G.O.B. raced to confront Tio with Michael in hot pursuit. George Michael, having failed to get the information he needed from anyone else, made the ultimate sacrifice, and went to the keeper of the family secrets.

George Michael: So, uh, it’s about Maeby.

Lucille: Oh, that’s a lost cause. But you get what you pay for, huh?

George Michael: Yeah. Wait, what? What do you mean pay?

Lucille: Fertility tests, lab fees, donors and implants.

Lucille: She’s not real. She was made in a cup. Like soup. $130,000 cup of soup. How do you like them egg rolls, Mr. Goldstone? All I know is, it took an extra year before we could add a den.

George Michael: So are you saying we’re not directly related?

Lucille: I’m saying she already spent her inheritance getting here.

Narrator: G.O.B. meanwhile had finally shown up at the El amor prohibido set.

G.O.B.: Hey, guy... They tell me you’re the actor who plays Marta’s brother Tio.

Tío: ¿Como?

G.O.B.: You’re going to be in a coma, all right.

Narrator: Unfortunately, the actor who played Tio had also starred in a Mexican film about the life of Oscar de la Hoya.

Michael: G.O.B., hey. Hey, you all right?

G.O.B.: Where am I? Am I in two-thirds of a hospital room?

Michael: Yeah. Listen, um... It’s me. I’m the guy that she likes, hermano’s brother... me.

G.O.B.: If I’d have known it was you, I wouldn’t have minded.

Michael: You wouldn’t?

G.O.B.: Michael, you’re a great guy. If you’d liked her, I would have said go for it.

Michael: I do kind of like her.

G.O.B.: Go for it.

Michael: Hi! My brother said we can do it. That didn’t come out as romantic as I’d hoped, but...

Marta: Everything is perfect.

Michael: Wait. You jinxed it. Don’t worry. I’ll turn it off. Mm, it’s just my mother.

Michael: She’s probably worried about my dad’s... hearing.

Marta: With my dad, it is the vision.

Narrator: Meanwhile, Tobias told Lindsay that he couldn’t do the part.

Tobias: It plays naked, okay?

Lindsay: Tobias, we’re going to have to deal with this sometime. I mean, I understand you not wanting to do it on film, but you can’t even get dressed in front of me.

Tobias: It is not you, Lindsay. I can’t get undressed alone. I can’t get undressed by myself. I mean, this is a real affliction. I’m sorry it’s not recognized here in the States, but I know for a fact that there’re two members of German parliament. They’re called nein wohlstandig nude. But they’re German, so... They speak German, so they have a different...

'Lindsay: Well, it’s not normal, and ignoring it isn’t going to make it go away. You’ve got nothing to be ashamed of.

Tobias: Please... please don’t make fun.

Lindsay: I’m not making fun. Look, how about we do this together? You take off your shirt and I’ll take off my jacket.

George Michael: This family can be pretty screwed up sometimes. But the good news is, I just found out...

Maeby: Actually, I used to think that too, but it’s better than the alternative.

George Michael: Well, have you explored all the alternatives, because I guess what I’m getting at...

Maeby: No, but I’m glad to have this family, you know. ’Cause I know I said some bad stuff, but it’s much better here than it was in Boston. And I have a cousin here, so even if my parents do get divorced, I have you, right?

Narrator: George Michael realized that no matter how much it upset him, he didn’t want to take Maeby’s family away from her.

George Michael: Yeah, you got us, all right.

Maeby: Now all I need is a boyfriend.

Narrator: Lucille was left alone with her oldest son at the courthouse.

G.O.B.: Just you and me, huh? God, why am I the only one who ever comes through in this family?

Narrator: And George Sr. was led into the courtroom.

George, Sr.: Where the hell is everybody?

G.O.B.: I’m here, dad.

George, Sr.: I can’t believe no one showed up. I don’t know, maybe it’s for the best. Maybe I should just stay in prison so my family can be free.

Lucille: Look, you’re my husband and you belong back at home with me.

George, Sr.: You really love me.

Lucille: Call it what you want. I’m tired of paying Lupe to clean one dish.

Barry: Sorry, sorry, sorry, I’m so late. I had another hearing. Here’s the good news: I think I’m going to get off. I have a good lawyer. You look great in red.

Barry: Anyhoo, what are we doing here? What’s the plan?

Lucille: The plan? You’re our lawyer.

Barry: It’s a figure of speech. You’re going to be fine.

Lucille: Oh, for God’s sake. He’s on his own for two days, and he joins a gang.

Buster: These guys? Oh, I’ve got them for the afternoon. Besides, they’re the only thing I have left to live for in this world.

Lucille: Oh, stop being so dramatic. You know where I live.

Buster: I wasn’t talking about you, Mom. I was talking about Marta. Excuse me.

G.O.B.: You were serious? ’Cause I got news for you, pal. Marta’s been interested in Michael. That’s right. Dull, nothing going on upstairs... Michael.

Buster: I know. I saw them making out at her front door.

G.O.B.: What? When?

Buster: Just now. The stuff I’ve got to work out with Marta just keeps piling up.

G.O.B.: Unbelievable.

Bailiff #1: All rise. This court is now in session, the Honorable Lionel Ping presiding.

Barry: (Whispers.) Oh, we’ve got Ping.

Judge Ping: I would remind you that there are no cameras allowed in my courtroom.

Five minutes later
Judge Ping: Conspiracy, racketeering, evidence tampering, fraud, theft, grand theft, petty theft.

Barry: Wow, I-I did not get that page.

Michael: Hey.

G.O.B.: Michael!

Judge Ping: Resisting arrest. Resisting arrest...

Michael: Hey.

G.O.B.: How dare you?

Michael: Now, come on. You said it was okay. And nothing happened.

G.O.B.: Oh, did I?

Michael: Take it easy, all right?

G.O.B.: I don’t remember saying that.

Michael: Yeah, well, you did.

Judge Ping: Order in the court.

G.O.B.: Is that my belt?

Michael: Well, so what?

Judge Ping: Order!

Michael: Get your hands off me.

G.O.B.: What is your problem?

Michael: Relax!

G.O.B.: What is your problem?

Michael: Okay?

G.O.B.: I should relax? Maybe you should relax.

Lucille: What are you doing?! What’s the matter with you?! Get off him! George!

Narrator: George, Sr., having never heard his charges listed consecutively in one sitting, panicked and ran with great intensity. Michael and G.O.B. continued their fight onto the courthouse steps.

Lucille: Stop it before someone gets hit in the face!

Narrator: Buster realized this was his opportunity to fulfill a longtime fantasy.

Lucille: Oh, for God’s sake! Barry!

Narrator: Barry, too, felt overwhelmed by the charges leveled against his client and also took flight.

Barry: What are you doing? They’ll add ten years to your sentence.

George, Sr.: They’ll never catch me!

Officer Brent: Oh, good. I’ve got to get you back in your cell. It’s getting kind of crazy out there.

Narrator: And back at the model home, things were heating up for Lindsay and Tobias as well.

Tobias: I ca... I can’t, I can’t. I can’t.

Lindsay: For me, Tobias. That, too. You did it.

Tobias: Now, what?

Lindsay: Now this.

Narrator: And for the first time in years, Lindsay and Tobias became intimate. The brothers’ fight, meanwhile, continued into the park with Buster still hoping to take a punch.

Michael: Let go!

G.O.B.: I’ll kill you!

Michael: Get off me!

Buster: Jab, jab, jab, jab.

Narrator: Lucille had decided that, perhaps, she was better off without any of them.

Michael: Buster, get out of the way.

Buster: Hit me in the face. Hit me in the face. Hit me in the face.

Michael: Buster!

G.O.B.: Buster!

Narrator: While Marta, who’d been told the hearing would last ten minutes, got tired of waiting.

Marta: Hey! Hey!

Michael: Marta.

G.O.B.: Marta.

Marta: What is wrong with you? I thought you were good people. I thought you were noble. I thought you care about family, but you clearly don’t. It’s over. Both of you. It’s over.

Buster: Wait, wait. What about... what about me?

Marta: I’m sorry, I’m not totally sure who you are.

Buster: Wow. Wow. That’s what it feels like to get punched in the face.

G.O.B.: Do you believe that?

Michael: Yeah, lecturing us about family.

G.O.B.: I mean, who needs that?

Michael: And what are we doing? Okay, we’re brothers. That’s got to count for something.

G.O.B.: That counts for everything.

Michael: I’m not going to throw it away over some woman.

G.O.B.: (Chuckling.) Especially not my woman.

Michael: Hmm?

G.O.B.: But you’re right, you’re right. I mean, this is what’s real. This is what lasts. Everything else is just petty.

Michael: Yeah, totally beneath us. And by the way, I don’t know how you call her your woman when she clearly prefers me. And she was all prepared to be my girlfriend, call me her boyfriend...

Buster: Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Hey!

Michael: Hang on one second.

Buster: Hey, first of all, this is all moot because she never even got a chance to know me. Now, will someone please have the decency to punch me in the face?

Michael: Well, it’s effective.

G.O.B.: It really is.

Narrator: On the next Arrested Development, Tobias quietly overcompensates.

Tobias: Oh, please tell me there’s some coffee left. I slept very well last night.

Act 1
Narrator: Michael was sharing his bed for the first time in years. Unfortunately, it was with his younger brother, Buster.

Michael: Buster. Buster.

Michael: Hey, whoa! Whoa, Buster.

Buster: Hey, brother.

Michael: I don’t think us sleeping together is working out. You’re a grown man. You should be living with your mother.

Buster: Yeah. I miss Mom.

Michael: I can tell.

Scene
Michael: Hey, good morning. What are you doing?

George Michael: This is my Ethics essay. I’m supposed to write 200 words on the morality of war—whether a preemptive strike is ever justified.

Michael: Absolutely. It’s preemptive, you know? Happened before something else, so... if you can predict aggression, and you want to squash it... I don’t know why you’re not typing this. It’s all good.

George Michael: I’m not sure my Ethics teacher would love if I cheated on my essay.

Michael: Well, you just passed my Ethics test.

Cutaway
Narrator: In fact, George Michael had developed a hopeless crush on his Ethics teacher—a woman named Beth Baerly.

Beth Baerly: ... even minor crimes are punishable by brutally chopping off the offender’s hand.

George Michael: Oh. No ring.

End cutaway
Michael: Can’t wait to meet her at Parent-Teacher Night.

George Michael: Oh, yeah, Dad. And, Dad, try to remember everything she says about me.

Michael: Okay.

Lucille: Michael? I need you to do something about my son.

Michael: I totally agree, Mom. Buster goes home. We flip the mattress. This never happened.

Lucille: Not Buster. Read this.

Michael: Did you and Dad adopt a child?

Lucille: The SEC was on to us. Your father thought it would make us look charitable. He must have forged my signature.

Flashback
Lucille: Well, maybe I’ll get a son who will finish his cottage cheese.

End flashback
Lucille: You’ve got to get me out of this.

Michael: I’ll call Social Services, but you must take Buster back.

Lucille: Okay. Great. But I’m not taking care of him either. I... I don’t have the milk of mother’s kindness in me anymore.

Michael: That udder’s been dry for a while though, hasn’t it?

Michael: Hello.

G.O.B.: Michael. I got a couple of girls here—a couple of fun girls — I thought I’d bring you in on.

Michael: Ooh, I don’t know, G.O.B.

G.O.B.: Come on, Michael. So we had a little disagreement.

Flashback
Narrator: Recently, G.O.B. had discovered that Michael was interested in his now ex-girlfriend Marta.

End flashback
G.O.B.: I’m offering you an olive branch here.

Michael: Yeah, yeah, no, I know, and I... I appreciate that.

G.O.B.: Besides, when was the last time you slept with someone?

:Flashback

Michael: Buster.

:End flashback

Michael: What time and place?

Scene
Narrator: Meanwhile, Lindsay was helping George Michael with his homework.

Lindsay: Oh, come on, let’s do something. It’s just a stupid essay.

George Michael: I can’t. I don’t want to let down Miss Baerly. She’s nice, you know?

Lindsay: She’s interesting... And pretty?

George Michael: Well, I don’t know why I’m telling you this. I guess there’s just some things you can’t always say to your dad.

Lindsay: Ah. sounds like you’d like her to be more than just your teacher.

Narrator: Lindsay believed that George Michael wanted to fix up his father so she could fill the role of his mother.

Lindsay: There’s nothing wrong with that. Although... I must say I’m a little hurt that you haven’t considered me.

George Michael: You’re my aunt.

Lindsay: That doesn’t matter. Aunts can fill that role. Teachers can fill that role. And, someday, you’re going to find the right woman to fill that role. But until then... I’ll be right across the hall.

Narrator: Lindsay had never been more proud of anything she had said in her entire life.

George Michael: Yikes.

Scene
Narrator: Meanwhile, G.O.B. was waiting for Michael to show up.

G.O.B.: Oh, there he is. Michael.

Michael: Yes.

G.O.B.: This is Shannon, the girl I’ve been telling you all about.

Michael: Yes. Girl, indeed. Young girl. That’s a young, young, young girl.

G.O.B.: Yeah. Well, she’s 18, so it’s, like... Oh, and this is your date, Nag...

Nazhgalia: Shelley.

Michael: Hell... Oh, my God.

G.O.B.: Well, Shannon wouldn’t go out without a chaperone, so...

Michael: Right.

G.O.B.: She’s your date.

Narrator: It was clear that G.O.B. wasn’t offering an olive branch at all, and, in fact, was still harboring some resentment over Marta.

G.O.B.: (Chuckling.) Oh, Nagarmat, you’ve got a mustache. I mean you’ve got milk on your mustache. Oh. I mean, you’ve got a milk mustache.

Michael: Yeah. It’s adorable. You look like one of those “Got milk?” models.

Narrator: But G.O.B. mistook Michael’s basic human decency for a romantic interest, and felt a competitive urge to step in.

G.O.B.: You know, he’s beyond adorable. Exotic. I find you very attractive.

Michael, Nazhgalia, & Shannon: Really?

Scene
Narrator: And George Sr. was about to get a surprise visitor.

Cindi Lightballoon: Mr. Bluth, I’m Cindi Lightballoon. I’ve studied all your teachings, and I’ve purchased every tape, and I watch them over and over.

Narrator: George Sr. had recently marketed a line of self-help tapes touting his newly discovered spirituality.

Cindi Lightballoon: I’ve also lost four pounds on your low-carb Bluth Banana Jail Bars. I’ve come to learn at your feet.

George, Sr.: That’s a good place to start.

Scene
Narrator: And Michael, free of his double date, met Lindsay at Parent-Teacher Night.

Michael: Hey, Linds, is it my imagination, or does this rape room have the same floor plan as our kitchen?

Lindsay: Did you meet Miss Baerly yet? The Ethics teacher? Because I just did.

Michael: No. Not yet. Look. These are our cabinets.

Lindsay: Well, I think she’s perfect for you.

Michael: For me? Really? Thanks, but no, Lindsay. I’ve already been set up once today by a sibling, and I don’t think you people know my type.

Lindsay: Hey, look, it’s not coming from me. It’s George Michael. He told me. I think he wants a mother.

Michael: Well, that’s ridiculous. He’s got you. He’s got our mother. You’d think that would turn him off the entire concept. Besides, I’m not going to rush out and marry somebody just because you think my son would like it.

Beth Baerly: Welcome. I’m Miss Baerly, the Ethics teacher. My goal is to teach your children about the preciousness of life that can be lost by the mindless pulling of a trigger.

Michael: Mmm. No ring.

Act 2
Narrator: And so Michael got to know his son’s Ethics teacher.

Michael: Ethics. Right and wrong. How can one thing be right and another one be wrong? I mean, which is which, you know? I guess that’s the “Urgh!” of it, you know? So frustrating.

Beth Baerly: I don’t know. I mean, they just threw this class at me after Mr. Daniels had a stroke.

Michael: Oh!

Michael: I had him—Mr. Daniels. How is he?

Beth Baerly: Oh, he, you know, had a stroke.

Michael: Oh. I thought you were joking.

Beth Baerly: No. I was just laughing ’cause you were laughing.

Michael: Right, no. Yeah. Gosh. Hmm. Urgh!

Beth Baerly: Urgh! But, you know, I really am anti-war and anti-violence, and I think I’m an ethical person.

Michael: Right. Here’s an ethical question. Can a parent take a teacher out for a drink or...?

Beth Baerly: I don’t know. Do you have a wife?

Michael: Yeah. But she’s dead.

Beth Baerly: Oh.

Beth Baerly: Have you ever been married?

Michael: Yeah. She died.

Beth Baerly: Oh, God. Why are we laughing?

Michael: I don’t... Well, the Mr. Daniels stroke thing all over again. Let’s go get that drink.

Beth Baerly: Yeah. It can only help.

Michael: Urgh!

Beth Baerly: Urgh!

Scene
Narrator: George Sr. was dealing with his own admirer.

Cindi Lightballoon: Oh, I’ve already told you so many of my sins. Maybe you could tell me some of yours.

George, Sr.: Yeah, well there are legal implications to that, but... back to your sins. Do that one about the ladies’ shower in your college dorm again.

Scene
Narrator: And Michael was on his way to what would be his second date with Miss Baerly.

Lucille: Michael, the little Korean is here, and I don’t know what to do with him. At least I think it’s a him. You’ve got to strip them down to next to nothing before you could even tell.

Michael: Yeah. Mom, I just spoke to Social Services and, although they don’t like to do this, if you can prove that it’s a bad environment for a child, and I would suggest saying what you just said to me. Don’t change a word. They will take him back.

Lucille: Ha, ha, ha. (To Annyong.) Don’t get too comfortable. Shoes on, Mister. Shoes on. (Into phone.) He’s out of control. Hold on.

Buster: I’m back. Who’s that?

Annyong: Annyong.

Lucille: This is Annyong, who your father and I have adopted.

Buster: What? I’m gone for a couple days, and you find a new son?

Narrator: Lucille could see that her son was concerned, even jealous, and she knew how it felt to be overlooked.

Lucille: Yes. Annyong is your brother now.

Annyong: Annyong.

Lucille: Yes. Annyong. (Into phone.) Excuse me. Michael? Call it off. I’m keeping him.

Michael: Look, I have to call you back.

Beth Baerly: Sweet ride. Are you making dinner reservations?

Michael: No, no. That was my mom. She just had a little Korean dropped off.

Beth Baerly: Ooh, that sounds good. Let’s have that.

Scene
Restaurant Staff: Annyong.

Michael: Hello.

Scene
Narrator: And after their date, Michael took a step he hadn’t taken in years.

Michael: Okay, do you think this is a good idea?

Beth Baerly: I think it’s a great idea.

Michael: Such a good idea.

Beth Baerly: How are we going to sneak in without waking everyone up?

Michael: We’ll take the stairs. This may not have been my best idea.

Act 3
Nazhgalia: I’m sorry, Michael.

G.O.B.: I’m sorry, too, Michael, but... looks like we’re even. You took something I liked, I took something you liked. Yeah. I [bleep]ed Nazbakalijan.

Michael: Listen, I know that you’ve been trying to get even with me about Marta, but got some bad news for you—I’m seeing somebody else.

G.O.B.: Who? Who? Just out of curiosity. I’m not going to try to sleep with her.

Michael: Forget it. I thought that this was behind us.

G.O.B.: It is behind us.

Michael: Great.

G.O.B.: When I sleep with her. ’Cause I’m going to sleep with her. Yeah. I was lying just then, when I said I wasn’t going to sleep with her.

Michael: ’Course she’d have to agree to it, G.O.B.

G.O.B.: Oh, I don’t anticipate a problem with that, guy.

Michael: No?

G.O.B.: No. Because I’ve seen some of the dogs that you like.

Michael: Right.

G.O.B.: I just slept with one.

Michael: Again. Didn’t like Nazhgalia.

G.O.B.: Really?

Michael: Really. And good luck getting rid of her.

G.O.B.: Oh, please. Not a problem. She knows it was a one-time thing. Totally cool.

Michael: So romantic.

G.O.B.: Who’s N. Bahn-Ahden? (Into phone.) Hello.

Michael: Hey, George Michael. Wanted to talk to you about something before, but I didn’t know if it was real, but now, um... your Ethics teacher...

George Michael: Yeah. I just made this for her.

Michael: Oh.

George Michael: Yeah, she loves Saddam Hussein.

Michael: I’m sure she doesn’t love Saddam. I’m sure she is interested in him as a subject, you know?

George Michael: Right. That’s what I meant.

Michael: Yeah. Great.

George Michael: You know, I just wanted to make her something special to show that I care.

Michael: About the class?

George Michael: No, I mean about her.

Michael: Oh.

George Michael: I kind of love her.

Michael: You mean, you love her like... like she loves Saddam, right?

George Michael: No, no. I mean, like, love her, love her.

Michael: Oh. Oh.

Beth Baerly: Oh, hi. Hi, George Michael. I was just looking at this model home. I’m going to go home and think about it. I’m going to go home and think about it.

George Michael: Dad, what was she doing here? I mean, she wasn’t...

Narrator: Michael knew he had an ethical responsibility to tell his son the truth.

Michael: Yes. Your Uncle G.O.B. slept with her.

Act 4
George Michael: Why would he do that? Why would G.O.B. sleep with my Ethics teacher?

Michael: Probably just to get even with me.

George Michael: How would that be getting even with you? I’m the one that likes her.

Michael: Right. Right. No, I know. You and I know that, but G.O.B., you know, he’s not that exact of a target shooter. He just kind of sprays it everywhere. But listen, did you really think that you had a... I mean, she’s kind of old for you, don’t you think?

George Michael: We don’t even know how old she is. No one does. She was chaperoning the Diversity Dance and I thought, like, maybe as a joke thing, I’d go up to her and be like, “Oh, hey, do you want to dance?” And she’d be like, “Eh, what the heck,” right? Or something, I don’t know. I did it differently in the mirror, but...

Michael: Right.

George Michael: Like, it would like be joke dancing or something. I didn’t think it through.

Michael: Don’t you think you should be taking somebody your own age to the dance, like your cousin? Bad example, but...

George Michael: I feel so stupid. I defaced a rare book to get that picture of Saddam Hussein in a bathing suit.

Michael: “What would Saddam do?”

George Michael: Yeah. Yeah, you know something? You’re right. G.O.B.’s going to pay.

Michael: Okay, that is our exact outdoor fire pit.

Scene
Narrator: At prison, George Sr. was preparing for an evening with his most devoted fan, while Cindi Lightballoon was making preparations of her own.

Cindi Lightballoon: How we doing?

Agent Harris: We have video. Testing, one, two.

Agent Cummings: Tilt back a little, will you, Harris?

Cindi Lightballoon: Let’s bust this guy.

Scene
Narrator: So George Michael, still angry at G.O.B., sought out the family expert on making trouble.

Maeby: I know he was dating that girl Shannon.

George Michael: The cheerleader?

Maeby: Yeah, she’s probably going to take him to that stupid Diversity Dance. I wish I had someone shocking to take. You know, I actually called Mr. Daniels and asked him, but he got all out of breath and dropped the phone. I never heard back.

George Michael: You know, maybe we should go together. All right, I mean, it’s a bad example, I just... but should we?

Buster: Hello.

Annyong: Annyong

Buster: Yes, Annyong, your name’s Annyong. We all know you’re Annyong. Annyong, Annyong, Annyong.

Maeby: Who’s this?

Buster: Oh, I’m sorry. This is Annyong.

Annyong: Annyong.

Buster: My mom bought him. She’s making me register him for school. He’s my new little brother.

Maeby: So we’re related. Hey, do you want to go to a dance?

George Michael: Oh, great, another uncle to compete with.

Scene
Narrator: And Michael went to discuss the George Michael situation with Miss Baerly.

Beth Baerly: Being held against their will, purely on the basis of political or religious beliefs. (Chuckling.) I’m sorry. I met someone. I’m sorry. Anyway, this is serious. This is atrocities. No more smiling. Uh, just a minute.

Michael: Hi, sorry.

Beth Baerly: Hey! Don’t worry, George Michael’s not in there. Those are the dumb kids.

Michael: Okay. Um... Listen, this is, uh...

Beth Baerly: Wow! Did you make this for me? This is so sweet. I love Hussein.

Michael: You mean you’re interested in him.

Beth Baerly: Oh, yes. He is a monster. Wow, where did you find this one of him in a Speedo?

Michael: This is what I wanted to talk to you about, though. Beth, I don’t think that I can continue to see you. I mean, I’ve enjoyed my time with you. You want to talk ethics...

Beth Baerly: You really mean it. This isn’t one of “My wife died” jokes?

Michael: No, I’m afraid this is serious. You see, George Michael made this poster for you. You know, he kind of, uh, is in love with you, so...

Beth Baerly: He knows we’re going out. He saw me this morning.

Michael: No, no. I covered that. I told him that you slept with my brother.

Beth Baerly: That may be the most unethical thing I have ever heard.

Michael: Well, you’ve only been doing this half a semester. Look, it was a preemptive strike. My brother would have tried to sleep with you.

Beth Baerly: Well, I want you to leave right now and not come back.

Michael: I know. I understand. I’m sorry. And uh, you will not see me again. Starting right now.

Scene
Narrator: George Sr. went on a walk with Cindi and she was getting to him.

Cindi Lightballoon: You can feel safe to fully reveal yourself to me.

George, Sr.: All right. There is... There is something. Come closer.

George, Sr.: It’s weighed heavy on my soul. Uh... You know, the Talmud teaches us to... There you go.

Agent Harris: Oh, you’re kidding me. He’s on to us. He’s found the camera.

Agent Cummings: Get out of there. He’s got the camera. Abort. Abort. Clean the dog. We are cleaning the dog.

Scene
Narrator: That night, Buster came home to an empty apartment.

Buster: So, it’s off with mother now.

Narrator: In fact, Lucille was just giving Annyong and Maeby a ride.

Buster: You’re trying to steal from the wrong man. Watch your back, my little immigrant friend.

Scene
Narrator: And the Spring Diversity Dance was in full swing.

Steve Holt: Whoa. Sorry. Students only.

Maeby: Oh, so you’re not letting him in because he doesn’t share your perfectly shaped nose, your round eye-shaped eyes, your strong square jaw?

Steve Holt: Thanks. You want to dance?

Maeby: Yeah.

Steve Holt: All right, come on.

Maeby: Steve Holt!

Scene
Narrator: And G.O.B. sought out Shannon...

G.O.B.: Shannon!

Narrator: ...who had found out he had cheated on her with Nazhgalia.

G.O.B.: Shannon, where are you! Shannon! Oh, hey, Lisa. Shannon! Excuse me. Look. I blew it, okay? But I bought a yearbook ad from you, doesn’t that mean anything anymore?

Michael: Beth? Hey. Hi. Listen, um, I blew it, okay? I had to see you. I’ve been giving this a lot of thought and I have to do the right thing.

Beth Baerly: You’re going to tell George Michael the truth?

Michael: Oh, that’s your definition of the right thing. Uh, I kind of thought is was to make a big dramatic entrance and tell you that I wanted to see you. Okay, I’ll get right on that. George Michael? Where are you? George Michael!

George Michael: Uncle G.O.B.

G.O.B.: George Michael. What are you doing at a high school dance?

George Michael: I’m looking for you. How could you do this to me?

G.O.B.: Do what? I’m just here with my girl.

George Michael: Yeah, my Ethics teacher.

Michael: Hey, George Michael...

George Michael: Dad, I’m taking care of something okay? (To G.O.B.) You slept with my Ethics teacher.

Michael: Whoa, whoa. Just hang on a second. It wasn’t him. It’s me, okay? I’ve been dating your Ethics teacher.

G.O.B.: Wow, Michael. I’m really touched that you’d stick up for me after I’ve been so horrible to you.

Michael: Hmm?

G.O.B.: You know what, now it’s time for me to do the right thing. I slept with the Ethics teacher. I’m sorry.

Michael: What are you talking about?

G.O.B.: Lindsay told me that you liked her, and I’m not proud of this, but... I (bleep)ed Mrs. Whitehead.

Narrator: In fact, G.O.B. mistook the Civics teacher for the Ethics teacher Michael was dating.

G.O.B.: Man, he... has a type.

Michael: G.O.B., Mrs. Whitehead was the Civics teacher. We both had her.

G.O.B.: Yes, we have and now we’re even.

Shannon: What a pig.

G.O.B.: Tell me about it.

Shannon: No, you. You’re the pig. Two strikes, you are out.

G.O.B.: Oh, listen, Shannon, please, it was a one-time thing. I’m not going to even hear from her again.

phone rings

G.O.B.: Oh! Who is Edna W.? Hello? Ooh!

George Michael: Hey, what’s going on here, Dad?

Michael: Well, it-it-it was me, okay? I-I’ve been seeing Miss Baerly, and I should never have brought G.O.B. into it, but that day you told me that you liked her, I didn’t know what else to do. I never wanted to hurt you.

George Michael: Well, didn’t Aunt Lindsay tell you that I liked her?

Michael: Yeah, she did, but she said that you wanted her as a mother and I said that that was ridiculous, but then I met her and I kind of fell for her and thought that she would kind of make a great mother.

Beth Baerly: Is that true? I didn’t know you were that serious.

Michael: Well, you know, I’m open to it. We’re open to it.

Beth Baerly: Wow. No, no, no, no.

Michael: I’m just saying someday, you know?

Beth Baerly: I’m not really into kids.

Michael: Well, I’m just, I’m not trying to rush anything.

Jeremy: Hey, the lady said no, man.

Beth Baerly: Look, Michael, I hope you find what you’re looking for. I mean, we had some laughs about some very sad things, but I don’t think we have a future. And Jeremy, I will take that cupcake.

Jeremy: Oh, okay, um... Hey, uh, you want to dance?

Beth Baerly: Sure. Why not?

George Michael: I can’t believe that would have worked.

Act 5
Narrator: On the next Arrested Development, Buster’s competition heats up.

Buster: Whoa, whoa, whoa! We are not allowed to have candles in here. Mom would freak.

Lucille: Oh, no, it’s fine. This is America, baby. You pray how you want.

Buster: Fine. I’ll light a candle of my own. That’s exactly what I’ll do.

Act 1
Narrator: Michael had begun to work weekends. Unfortunately, this interfered with the Saturday morning bike ride he usually took with his son.

Michael: So this isn’t bad, right? Just like a normal Saturday.

George Michael: You know, Dad, you don’t have to drive so slow. I can ride my bike by myself.

Michael: This actually doesn’t go any faster.

George Michael: I mean, I know you have a lot of work, you know?

Michael: That still doesn’t mean I can’t hang out with my... Hang on, one second. (Into phone.) This is Michael. Mom, I’m expecting a very important phone... For God’s sakes, I’ll be right there.

George Michael: Dad. Dad!

Michael: Nice instincts, son! Good reflexes!

Scene
Narrator: Back at the model home, Lindsay awoke late to find her husband missing.

Lindsay: Maeby? Michael? Tobias? Work?

Flashback
Narrator: Tobias had recently been cast in a movie, playing the role of a frightened inmate.

Tobias: I ain’t going to squeal, man. I ain’t going to squeal... Oh! I’m not frightened. God! Lindsay, say something to scare me.

Lindsay: (bleep) me.

Tobias: Nope. Nothing. Thanks for trying, though. You know what I ought to do? I ought to check myself into a men’s penal colony. Perhaps... your father could get me in.

End flashback
Lindsay: Well, if he can go to work, so can I.

Scene
Narrator: Lucille, meanwhile, was growing closer to her recently adopted Korean son, whom she called Annyong ...

Lucille: That looks much better, Annyong.

Narrator: ... which isn’t a name ...

Annyong: Annyong

Narrator: ... but the Korean word for “hello.”

Buster: And I guess I can comb my own hair.

Lucille: Oh, please, he’s a little boy, And since he’s going to go off and work for ten hours, I want him to look nice. Thank you, Lupe.

Buster: You got a job, Annyong?

Annyong: Annyong.

Buster: Annyong.

Annyong: Annyong.

Lucille: At the banana stand. Oh, his work ethic is unbelievable. Unlike some sons I know.

Buster: I’m a scholar. I enjoy scholarly pursuits.

Lucille: Suddenly, playing with yourself is a scholarly pursuit.

Michael: Hey, Lupe. What’s wrong with Lupe?

Lucille: Oh, she’s upset because I told her she couldn’t take the day off. There’s a family reunion in Catalina.

Buster: Catalina. We’re not going to Catalina, are we?

Narrator: Buster had an unfortunate encounter in a photo booth on the wildlife-populated island of Catalina.

Michael: No, Lupe is. You see, for her, a family reunion might actually be a pleasant experience.

Lucille: They’ve got a bus, and they want to use parking lot to this building as a meeting place. I mean, for God’s sake, it’s not a hardware store. We can’t have them hanging around like a bunch of freeloaders looking for an easy buck.

Michael: What’s the emergency, Mom?

Lucille: I need money.

Michael: I don’t have time for this, okay? I don’t even get to see my own son. I’m going to go to work now.

Lucille: And while you’re there, find out from your assistant Kitty why she didn’t send my paycheck.

Michael: You get a paycheck from the Bluth Company?

Lucille: Well, it’s important to the company that I keep up the image of my lifestyle.

Michael: Illusion, Mom. And I’m the president of that company, and I believe that I’m the one that asked you to start shopping at Quantity Plus.

Lucille: And they made me apply for a membership card. It was humiliating.

Michael: I’ll see what I can do for you. And now that I know that I’m the one that pays Lupe, I’m giving her the day off, okay? Lupe, did you hear that? Tell your bus driver that he can pick up your family at the Bluth Company parking lot.

Lupe: Oh, thank you, Michael.

Lucille: My hero.

Michael: Anyway, you enjoy that paycheck when you get it. It will be the last one I ever send here.

Buster: Uh, does that mean I have to go to your office to get mine, too, or... how’s that work?

Michael: You got to be kidding me. All right, you know what, Buster? Bob, in the copy room, he quit today. If you want your money, you’re gonna have to work for it.

Buster: Okay, I accept. I’ll take that job. I will work in the copy room.

Lucille: I wouldn’t go in there without knocking, Michael.

Act
Michael: Now, I know we’ve been putting in a lot of hours, but we’ve got to keep our heads down and power through, you know, and sacrifice.

Lindsay: Don’t mind me, I’m just here to pick up my paycheck and get out of here.

Michael: Guys, go ahead and take a three. Lindsay, how can you just come in here and ask me for a paycheck?

Lindsay: Well, I usually ask Kitty, but she’s not around, and you’re the only one here that I’ve ever seen before.

Michael: How long has this been going on?

Lindsay: Dad hired me out of college.

Michael: You quit college.

Lindsay: Yeah, well, I had a job—what was the point?

Michael: Well, you have a job now, and since Kitty’s gone, you can earn your check by answering the phone.

Lindsay: Michael, it’s Friday. Everybody coasts on Friday.

Michael: It’s actually Saturday.

Lindsay: Finally. I’m out of here. I’ll see you Tuesday.

Michael: I’m serious, Lindsay.

Lindsay: This is why your employees hate you.

Michael: They’re actually quite fond of me. Okay, guys, back to the staff meeting.

Buster: Sorry, guys.

Michael: Uh, Lindsay. Hello. The phone?

Lindsay: Well, you said staff.

Michael: The zoning committee feels that we’re trying to squeeze too many units onto a lot this size, and obviously we need to if we want to make a profit, so how do we fit these units on there?

Lindsay: Are these florescent lights bothering anybody else besides me?

Michael: That’s not what I want to deal with today.

Lindsay: Well, you and I have different management styles. I believe work should be fun and you try to crush people’s spirits. What’s next, Michael? Are you going to make dancing illegal? Is this the tiny town from Footloose?

Michael: Can you go to your desk, please? Be like Buster. He’s been in the copy room. I haven’t seen him all day.

Scene
Narrator: In fact, Buster had grown anxious in the confined space of the copy room.

Woman #1: Bob?

Man #1: Bob?

Man #2: Bob!

Voices: (Echoing.) Bob? Bob? Bob? Bob?

Scene
Buster: I need a different job. I’m having real trouble in a confined, indoor space. Hey, coworker.

Michael: How do you feel about working outdoors?

Buster: Uh... What else do you have?

Scene
Narrator: At the banana stand, George Michael was also working.

Maeby: I thought your dad worked last weekend.

George Michael: No, last week he had to finish planning the new subdivision.

Maeby: Oh. So did he finish it?

George Michael: No. Hey, are you trying to make me feel bad.

Maeby: Yeah, I guess. Sorry, I’m just bored.

George Michael: That’s okay.

Maeby: I guess he just likes work more than he likes you.

Scene
Narrator: Tobias went to prison in preparation for his own work.

Tobias: I have a letter of introduction here from Carl Weathers.

Narrator: Fortunately, the new warden was an appreciator of the arts.

Warden Gentiles: It would be an honor to have you research in this institution.

Tobias: (Quietly.) Oh, thank you.

Warden Gentiles: And, if I may, I have this script I’d love to get to Carl.

Tobias: O... kay.

Warden Gentiles: The warden could easily be black.

Tobias: Oh, yeah.

Warden Gentiles: Okay. Let’s see, now. 187 won’t be free till Tuesday... at midnight. And I can’t put you into 212 because there’s already another actor researching a role in there. (Quietly.) Steve Buscemi.

Tobias: Oh. Rea... Well, I-I would like to bunk with my father-in-law.

Warden Gentiles: Okay. Let’s get you... into wardrobe.

Tobias: (Laughs.) Wow! Prison.

Scene
Narrator: Meanwhile, Michael and Buster had arrived at the construction site, and Buster was actually starting to enjoy himself.

Buster: Michael! I’m reinforcing the header!

Michael: That’s great, buddy. Listen, uh, also, I know that we’re behind on the payroll, but as soon as the zoning committee gives me their approval, I know the bank’s gonna release the money. Right now I’m just asking everyone to, you know, power through, sacrifice.

Foreman: I’ll try, but these guys have been working too hard not to get paid.

Michael: I’ll get on it, but until then, you know, I’ve got Buster here to help, that’s another guy.

G.O.B.: Michael! Michael. Michael.

Michael: How’d you know I was here?

G.O.B.: I called the office. You know, that Kitty is starting to sound pretty damn sexy to me. Maybe I ought to...

Michael: That was Lindsay.

G.O.B.: Anyway.

Michael: Yeah.

G.O.B.: What’s Busty doing here?

Buster: Michael got me the job.

G.O.B.: How’d you get him to do construction? The guy’s, like, the world’s biggest chicken. Coka, coka, coka.

Buster: I’m not a chicken.

Michael: Yeah, he’s not a chicken. He just doesn’t like confined spaces, that’s all.

G.O.B.: I thought it was open spaces.

Buster: No, it’s both. But I love it here. And the language these guys use. Rough! One of the guys told me to take my head out of my bottom and get back to work. (Cackling laughter.) My bottom! (Laughing.)

Michael: What do you want? You want your paycheck?

G.O.B.: I usually get cash under the table. But if you made it out to “Cash”...

Michael: Well, I got bad news for you, G.O.B.

Foreman: Hey! Pick up the pace, douche bag!

G.O.B.: Michael.

Foreman: You too, candy ass.

Buster: Candy ass.

Scene
Narrator: With Michael gone, Lindsay was taking over.

Lindsay: Thanks, fellas.

Ted: We, uh, finished the proposal and, uh, we’re gonna order some pizza. Um, we were wondering if we could have two toppings, on account of its Saturday.

Lindsay: Well, he’s not here, and since I’m in charge, I’m taking you all out to lunch. The whole staff.

Ted: We have to go to lunch.

Man #3: We have to go to lunch, guys!

Man #4: Come on. Let’s go to lunch.

Michael: What happened to the lights?

Lindsay: Isn’t this better? Doesn’t this just want to make you curl up and forget about the world?

Michael: Lindsay, we need the lights so that people... Where are these people going?

Lindsay: I’m taking them out to lunch.

Michael: Did you reserve a restaurant? Are they taking their own cars?

Lindsay: Oh, they’ll figure something out.

Michael: No, they won’t. You don’t have a plan? I told you these people are sheep, and they’ll wander off and you’ll lose the sheep. You’ve lost the sheep.

Lindsay: Oh, they’ll be fine.

Narrator: In the parking lot, the employees boarded the bus Lupe had rented for her family reunion, thinking Lindsay had reserved it for lunch.

Michael: Well, I need this proposal, I don’t know how they can walk off and just hope...

Lindsay: Right here, Michael.

Michael: Hm?

Lindsay: You weren’t here, and everything got done while I was in charge. See? Not so hard what you do.

Michael: You just got lucky this once. You really think I could leave here, and everything would be fine?

Lindsay: I think everything will be fine, but you? I don’t think you can leave.

Michael: Well, Lindsay, if I didn’t have that phone call from the zoning committee...

Lindsay: You’d have no reason to live. I’ll have it forwarded to your cell.

Michael: Great! I’ll leave. Not a problem. I can spend some time with my son. So you’re in charge. Try not to bring the whole company down.

Lindsay: Like that’s even possible.

Scene
Narrator: So the Bluth employees headed off to Catalina, providing the surveillance team that had installed the lighting, and opportunity they needed.

Agent Cummings: Hey, the place is empty.

Agent Harris: All right... let’s get in there and bring this company down.

Act
Narrator: At prison, George, Sr. was making converts to his new way of life.

George, Sr.: You won’t regret this, Little... Justice. Uh, let’s say from now on we call you David Ben-Avram.

White Power Bill: What are you doing to my guy here?

George, Sr.: Oh, nothing. I’m just merely providing him with options. This yarmulke will protect you, David Ben-Avram.

Inmate: Pipe! Pipe!

White Power Bill: I got worse plans for you if you keep trying to convert my team.

George, Sr.: Okay, hold on. Hold it now, hold it. Now I’m doing no such thing and both of our religions have a lot to offer. There’s the Jewish notion of heaven, and that it can be obtained here on earth, and there is your belief in the cleansing power of the pipe.

White Power Bill: No more teaching from you.

George, Sr.: No teaching, no teaching.

Narrator: It was at that moment that George Sr. reunited with his son-in-law.

George, Sr.: Tobias, what the hell are you doing here?

Tobias: I’m here to study with you. To learn from you. Teach me.

George, Sr.: There’s no teaching. There’s no teaching.

White Power Bill: Who is this little (bleep)?

Tobias: Well, it’s been quite a while since anybody’s called me a tyke, but no, I am Dr. Tobias Fünke, or with your help, Frightened Inmate #2. And who is this shiny building of a man?

George, Sr.: Oh, I’m very scared right now.

Tobias: Oh, we’re starting. Oh, yes. Let me get something to write with.

Scene
Narrator: Back at the banana stand, Annyong had arrived.

George Michael: Guys, it looks like we’re going to have to restock our nuts tonight. Now listen, I know that that’s nobody’s favorite Saturday night, but I think if we just power through and keep our heads down, you know, we might be able to...

Maeby: Annyong and I are fine here. You don’t have to worry...

Annyong: Annyong.

Maeby: You don’t have to worry so much. I mean, obviously your dad doesn’t want to spend time with you, but, you know, go to the beach or whatever.

George Michael: He’s just not around, okay?

Annyong: He no have father? Old lady adopt him, too?

Maeby: No, he have father. Father no love him.

George Michael: No, he love me. Um, loves me. He loves me. So, alright, maybe I will take a little... time off and go to the beach or something.

Annyong: I went to beach once. Next thing I know, I’m in crate next to pig.

Narrator: Instead, George Michael had decided to leave for his father’s office and have lunch with him. Meanwhile the white collar Bluth Company employees made it through the first leg of the journey and were about to embark on the second.

Scene
Narrator: And Lucille, taking Michael’s advice, returned from Quantity Plus with a problem.

Lucille: Lupe! Buster? Annyong? Hello?

Narrator: With Lupe gone, and the rest of her family working for once, Lucille realized she missed them.

Lucille: Well, now, who the hell is going to unload the car? (Into phone.) Hola? Is Rosa still alive? No? Oh. Okay. This is not my day.

Scene
Narrator: Michael, meanwhile, stopped by to say hello to his son and found out he had gone to the beach. So Michael went to find George Michael and also try to figure out a solution for his space problem. And then he decided that perhaps he, too, should try a little relaxation.

Scene
Narrator: Back at the construction site, G.O.B. was also ready to take the afternoon off.

G.O.B.: Screw this. I have my pride. I don’t care how much they’re paying me.

Foreman: You got paid? I thought we were all making sacrifices.

G.O.B.: Yeah, well, maybe it’s time for some of those big shots at the Bluth Company to start making some sacrifices. I say we shut down construction!

Buster: Wait. Hey, what’s happening? Why are we stopping? This is fun. We should do this just for the fun.

G.O.B.: Easy for him to say. He got his paycheck, too.

Workers: What? What the hell? Unbelievable. That’s not right.

Buster: Come on, you douche bags, we’re all on the same team!

G.O.B.: Don’t listen to him. He’ll never stand up to the Man. He’s a chicken. A chicken. Coka, coka, coka, coh!

Buster: My whole life you’ve called me a chicken. But that’s over now. I have nothing to prove.

G.O.B.: Coka, coka, coh! Coka, coka, coka, coh! Coka, coka, coka...

Buster: That is not how a chicken sounds. Chickens don’t clap! Chickens don’t clap!

Foreman: This is not how we settle things on a site. We got our own way of finding out who’s a chicken. By a little game we like to call... “Chicken.”

G.O.B.: I hope you’re up to this, Buster! This is a game of courage! A game for men!

Buster: Yeah, well, it’s a game I’m ready for! Uh-oh, my seat doesn’t have a cushion.

Foreman: Ready, go!

Buster: Oh, yeah, I’m definitely gonna need a cushion.

Scene
Narrator: As the Bluth brothers squared off, Lindsay dealt with the news of the work stoppage.

Lindsay: This wasn’t my fault. I thought you were Michael.

George Michael: So wait, my dad’s not here?

Lindsay: Nope, he went out for lunch, to have fun. But everything’s fine. I mean, if he asks, everything’s fine. My style works. This place is humming along.

George Michael: So wait, my dad said that he was waiting for a call, that he had to stay here.

Lindsay: Oh, no, he can get that call anywhere. I just have to forward it to him. Hey... would you mind running things for a little while?

George Michael: Well, I’m-I’m not really...

Lindsay: It’s not hard.

Narrator: And so Lindsay headed off to deal with the work stoppage problem at the site.

Scene
Narrator: Lindsay knew Michael would be furious if he found out the building had stopped, so she had to find a way to start it, and that’s when she came across Lupe’s family.

Lindsay: Hey! Who’s ready to have some fun?

Scene
Narrator: Meanwhile, Michael continued his relaxation at the beach.

Michael: Okay, these units aren’t too close together. We can get away with this, right, people? All right, just... speed it up. Come on. Keep your heads down and power through.

Michael: Oh, no. Where is... where’s my phone?

Boy #1: I used it to dig the “B” unit.

Michael: You what?

Boy #1: I’ll get it.

Michael: Oh, no! You’re going to ruin it! What am I doing?

Michael: Hello?

George Michael: Hi, Dad.

Michael: Hey, George Michael, where are you?

George Michael: I’m at the office. Lindsay put me in charge here ’cause there’s nobody here, and she had to go to the construction site ’cause the workers stopped working.

Michael: Oh, great. Now we’re never gonna finish phase three, and everything’s gonna fall apart. This whole thing is gonna cave in, and we’re gonna be left with a bunch of... Great. Now my sand castle has a giant pool in it.

Narrator: And that’s when Michael saw the solution to his space problem.

Michael: I got to go, buddy.

George Michael: He’s making a sand castle?

Narrator: George Michael noticed something, too. He knew his father had always loved him, but at this moment, he was actually holding the proof in his hands. Unfortunately, it was at this moment that the investigators went into action.

Agent Harris: There’s a kid.

Agent Cummings: Cover is blown. Get out.

Agent #3: I’ve got a clean shot over here.

All: No!

Agent Harris: Get the proof. He’s got the evidence file.

Agent Cummings: I told you to find a stud!

Scene
Narrator: And back at the construction site, Buster and G.O.B.’s showdown was reaching a dramatic conclusion.

Buster: Oh! Oh, no!

Construction Worker: Wow. Who won?

Narrator: And for the first time, G.O.B. saw his brother as a man.

G.O.B.: Let’s get back to work, guys.

Construction Worker: Go to hell. Let’s get...

Narrator: And Lindsay arrived... suddenly, trying a new management style.

Lindsay: Okay, so you guys don’t want to work? Fine. I’ve got a stair car full of Mexican laborers that would love a day’s work.

Lupe's Uncle: Laborers? I’m a professor of American studies at the University of Mexico City.

Buster: I took a dance class there.

Lupe: I thought you were taking us to Catalina. What happened to Catalina?

Foreman: You’d bring in scabs, just like that?

Lindsay: Watch me. Go to work!

Michael: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! We’re shutting it down.

Lindsay: Michael, I’ve solved this.

Michael: No, it’s not you. It’s me. It’s wrong. The plan is wrong. We got to get rid of the individual swimming pools and put in a great big communal one right in the center. And, Lindsay, you were right. We’ve all been working a little bit too hard. You can’t manage by threatening and pushing people. And sometimes you have to reward hard work. Maybe reward it with a party.

Michael: I didn’t mean tonight— just sometime in the future when we have some extra food and liquor.

Lucille: Lupe! Lupe, I need help with the groceries!

Lindsay: How about just liquor?

Narrator: And the two Bluth men finally did relax.

Michael: Thanks for coming out, buddy. I’ve been dying to get some time with you, I really have.

George Michael: That’s okay. I know how much you care about me. Unfortunately, so does the federal government. Want more punch?

Michael: Sure. Hey, the Feds?

Act
Narrator: On the next Arrested Development, Tobias gets an insight into fear ...

Tobias: Well, let’s discuss this bunking situation.

White Power Bill: You’ll be sleeping under me for a while.

George, Sr.: I sold you for a pack of cigarettes.

Scene
Narrator: ... and the employees find a new direction.

Shepherd: Whoa, whoa, what’re you folks doing on this part of the mountain?

Ted: We’re lost.

Shepherd: Well, I can give you a ride back into town. Come on, let’s go. Bugs, Banjo, get on up here. Come on, boy. Get... Here... There you go.